{"episode_number":1,"slug":"ep-1-beginning","title":"#1 - Beginning","date":"2020-05-25T07:00:00+10:00","publishDate":"2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00","description":"\n","content":"1. The Question: What do you want to achieve today? 2. The Topic: The very first show 3. The Viewermail: The guy has a foot fetish.\n","notes":"\n\n","segments":[{"title":"the_intro","gist":"","notes":"\n    "},{"title":"the_question","gist":"","notes":"What do you want to achieve today?\n\n- What's your priority?\n- In my case it's recording the show.\n- And not crying. That's not true. Men don't cry, we just masturbate vigorously until we pass out. \n-\n    "},{"title":"the_topic","gist":"What is the writer's daily about?","notes":"What is this show about?\n\n- Want to have fun\n- Comedy/Motivational Podcast\n- I want it to make you feel\n- Marketing platform for my novel\n    "},{"title":"the_viewermail","gist":"","notes":"Julius Reade from Melbourne, Australia.\n\n\"Hey Julius, loving the first show. Personal request, but I have a bit of a foot fetish. Would you be willing to suck my foot?\"\n\nWell Julius, usually I charge my clients for this kind of work. But just because I love you. Let's get that sock off.\n    "},{"title":"the_outro","gist":"","notes":"- Facebook, Twitter\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Comment on our Castbox Channel\n- Send in Viewermail\n- Look after your mental health\n    "}],"tags":["writing"],"castboxEmbedUrl":"","featured_image":"NA","background_image":"NA","draft":false,"links":[{"title":"CastboxMp3Url","link":""}],"socials":[],"categories":["episode"]}

### the_intro


    
### the_question

What do you want to achieve today?

- What's your priority?
- In my case it's recording the show.
- And not crying. That's not true. Men don't cry, we just masturbate vigorously until we pass out. 
-
    
### the_topic

What is this show about?

- Want to have fun
- Comedy/Motivational Podcast
- I want it to make you feel
- Marketing platform for my novel
    
### the_viewermail

Julius Reade from Melbourne, Australia.

"Hey Julius, loving the first show. Personal request, but I have a bit of a foot fetish. Would you be willing to suck my foot?"

Well Julius, usually I charge my clients for this kind of work. But just because I love you. Let's get that sock off.
    
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Comment on our Castbox Channel
- Send in Viewermail
- Look after your mental health
    
