{
	"episode_number": 10,
	"slug": "ep-10-gold-stars",
	"title": "#10 - Gold Stars",
	"date": "2020-06-05T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "\n",
	"content": "1. The Question: What are you worth? 2. The Topic: Gold stars are apparently a bit like masturbation. 3. The Viewermail: Dealing with a nasty divorce. thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "\n",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What are you worth?\n\n- Would you consider your worth in dollar amounts, what is your price?\n- Maybe you think your life is priceless, or for example would you throw it away to protect those you love?\n- How about in a slave scenario?\n- Personally I can say that I'm literally worth nothing, as proved by the lack of tips on my online adult webcam account.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Gold Stars\n\n- You remember when you were a kid and you were given those gold stars?\n- I was that kid who was utterly obsessed.\n- I had the most gold stars (to a point where it would no longer fit on the page)\n- It's kind of like how children masturbate.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Mecca, Saudi Arabia",
			"notes": "Noura from Mecca, Saudi Arabia\n\n\"Dear Julius (ohh, hello)\"\n\"I'm currently going through a particularly nasty divorce. It's been really hard lately, and I was wondering if you'd be able to tell a joke to cheer me up.\"\n\n- Uh, Noura I actually don't tell jokes. I'm very confused and quite frankly, very offended.\n- I mean, no wonder you're going through a divorce, you absolute idiot.\n- But what I can reccomend is that you get on the porn.\n- Porn never hurt anyone.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Comment on our Castbox Channel\n- Send in Viewermail\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"primary school",
		"gold stars"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id270122588?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"500\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/x/1FSmQ",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/hl6DoTVyUUpqg/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/hl6DoTVyUUpqg/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

What are you worth?

- Would you consider your worth in dollar amounts, what is your price?
- Maybe you think your life is priceless, or for example would you throw it away to protect those you love?
- How about in a slave scenario?
- Personally I can say that I'm literally worth nothing, as proved by the lack of tips on my online adult webcam account.
      
### the_topic

Gold Stars

- You remember when you were a kid and you were given those gold stars?
- I was that kid who was utterly obsessed.
- I had the most gold stars (to a point where it would no longer fit on the page)
- It's kind of like how children masturbate.
      
### the_viewermail

Noura from Mecca, Saudi Arabia

"Dear Julius (ohh, hello)"
"I'm currently going through a particularly nasty divorce. It's been really hard lately, and I was wondering if you'd be able to tell a joke to cheer me up."

- Uh, Noura I actually don't tell jokes. I'm very confused and quite frankly, very offended.
- I mean, no wonder you're going through a divorce, you absolute idiot.
- But what I can reccomend is that you get on the porn.
- Porn never hurt anyone.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Comment on our Castbox Channel
- Send in Viewermail
- Look after your mental health
      
