{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-11",
	"episode_number": 11,
	"slug": "ep-11-productivity",
	"title": "#11 - Productivity",
	"date": "2020-06-08T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-08T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: How much do you care about money?. 2. The Topic: Becoming way too obsessed with productivity. 3. The Viewermail: A listener wants to blow me. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How much do you care about money?\n\n- Are you one of those hardcore capitalists? Where you dream of decapitating socialists by the mouthful.\n- In my case, I would say I care about money more than the average person.\n- I have a mortgage and I am firmly entrenched in the rat race.\n- Plus, money is sexy. You tried masturbating with a dollar bill? It's delicious.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Productivity\n\n- I used to be obsessed with productivity. (It's probably why I'm a bit bipolar)\n- (give examples)\n- In the end I realised that balance is more important, and that productivity isn't an absolute thing.\n- Of course, productivity isn't everything. Happiness is also important.\n- Have you ever tried lying on the floor and stare at the ceiling? That's a whole new world down there.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Jaipur, India",
			"notes": "Addison Lewis from Jaipur, India.\n\n\"Hey Julius, you absolute mad-dawg.\" (Thank you Lewis-dawg)\n\"Ever since listening to the show, I've developed an intense desire to blow you. However, my religion forbids oral sex. What should I do, ever so wise one?\"\n\n- In my case I like to practice to foreign objects.\n- Maybe we can setup some VR thing where you pretend to blow me over the internet.\n- And if orgies are exempt from your religion, maybe we can get some of the guys over and we'll have a grand ol' time.\n- I don't remember reading anything bout' the immorality of threesomes in the bible.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"productivity",
		"mental health",
		"balance"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id272724051?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/11---Productivity-id2852897-id272724051",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/Fn1XLXZORb7H2/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/Fn1XLXZORb7H2/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

How much do you care about money?

- Are you one of those hardcore capitalists? Where you dream of decapitating socialists by the mouthful.
- In my case, I would say I care about money more than the average person.
- I have a mortgage and I am firmly entrenched in the rat race.
- Plus, money is sexy. You tried masturbating with a dollar bill? It's delicious.
      
### the_topic

Productivity

- I used to be obsessed with productivity. (It's probably why I'm a bit bipolar)
- (give examples)
- In the end I realised that balance is more important, and that productivity isn't an absolute thing.
- Of course, productivity isn't everything. Happiness is also important.
- Have you ever tried lying on the floor and stare at the ceiling? That's a whole new world down there.
      
### the_viewermail

Addison Lewis from Jaipur, India.

"Hey Julius, you absolute mad-dawg." (Thank you Lewis-dawg)
"Ever since listening to the show, I've developed an intense desire to blow you. However, my religion forbids oral sex. What should I do, ever so wise one?"

- In my case I like to practice to foreign objects.
- Maybe we can setup some VR thing where you pretend to blow me over the internet.
- And if orgies are exempt from your religion, maybe we can get some of the guys over and we'll have a grand ol' time.
- I don't remember reading anything bout' the immorality of threesomes in the bible.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
