{
	"episode_number": 12,
	"slug": "ep-12-podcasting",
	"title": "#12 - Podcasting",
	"date": "2020-06-02T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What worries you most about the future? 2. The Topic: I am a podcaster, apparently. 3. The Viewermail: Sushi. Sushi. Sushi. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What worries you most about the future?\n\n- Does everything make you worried? Does nothing make you worried?\n- Are you one of those anxiety queens?\n- As a stubborn male, very little worries me.\n- I often just don't care and I assume nothing bad will happen or come of it.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Podcasting\n\n- I thought I'd talk about my relationship with podcasting.\n- I've been doing podcasting and radio since I was 16. (talk about why you love it.)\n- (talk about some of the shows you've done)\n- Actually, it probably started when I was a lot younger annd I'd just record myself speaking.\n- I love entertaining people and making them laugh.\n- Problem is that it doesn't pay well. So it's a side thing and that's also what makes it great. (lack of pressure etc.)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Kushiro, Japan",
			"notes": "Jackson Young from Kushiro, Japan.\n\n\"I am from Japan. I like sushi very much. Sushi sushi sushi. It is better than the hamburger. Imperial Japan will rise and destroy you Western scum. HAHAHAHAHA\"\n\n- That was uh, well thank you first of all for sending that in.\n- You know, I think you have a point there. Western people are scum.\n- (I can't believe I've been lied to this whole time!)\n- And to commemorate the fact I will be playing the Japanese national anthem, while touching myself sensually.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON4lI9H7uFc\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"podcast",
		"Japan"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/L4eq3DeoyrUuVCZtXB/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/L4eq3DeoyrUuVCZtXB/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

What worries you most about the future?

- Does everything make you worried? Does nothing make you worried?
- Are you one of those anxiety queens?
- As a stubborn male, very little worries me.
- I often just don't care and I assume nothing bad will happen or come of it.
      
### the_topic

Podcasting

- I thought I'd talk about my relationship with podcasting.
- I've been doing podcasting and radio since I was 16. (talk about why you love it.)
- (talk about some of the shows you've done)
- Actually, it probably started when I was a lot younger annd I'd just record myself speaking.
- I love entertaining people and making them laugh.
- Problem is that it doesn't pay well. So it's a side thing and that's also what makes it great. (lack of pressure etc.)
      
### the_viewermail

Jackson Young from Kushiro, Japan.

"I am from Japan. I like sushi very much. Sushi sushi sushi. It is better than the hamburger. Imperial Japan will rise and destroy you Western scum. HAHAHAHAHA"

- That was uh, well thank you first of all for sending that in.
- You know, I think you have a point there. Western people are scum.
- (I can't believe I've been lied to this whole time!)
- And to commemorate the fact I will be playing the Japanese national anthem, while touching myself sensually.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON4lI9H7uFc
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
