{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-13",
	"episode_number": 13,
	"slug": "ep-13-weed",
	"title": "#13 - Weed",
	"date": "2020-06-10T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you feel safe?. 2. The Topic: I promise I'm not stoned. 3. The Viewermail: Too much sand? Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Do you feel safe?\n\n- Important question to think about.\n- Safety is foundational for humans.\n- I feel incredibly safe. Physically. Emotionally.\n- Slightly worried about job security, as well as the future.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Weed\n\n- I remember I 1st smoked weed when I was 18 or 19.\n- Then it progressively became a habit and throughout uni, I was getting blazed pretty often.\n- For like the 1st year of uni it was like, once a week.\n- (watch music videos and play video games)\n- And then I started hanging out with a bad crowd (not so much because of weed, but because I was depressed)\n- Then one day I was hanging with the lads and I just stopped enjoying it.\n- Nowadays I'm basically 100% sober. I don't drink, I don't smoke weed.\n- It's almost impossible to have solid routine as well as be stoned.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Venice, Italy",
			"notes": "Allison Miller from Venice, Italy.\n\n\"Hey Julius. You sexy beast. How much sand is too much sand?\"\n\n- Well, everyone knows you can never have too much sand?\n- Fact is, I like a sandy pussy. It's like having sex with the ocean. You get that nice breeze.\n- I even sometimes like to use the beach as my personal fleshlight.\n- Sand is also great for building walls, in particular to keep immigrants out of this fine country.\n- Not because I'm a racist, because because I'm a race realist.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"weed",
		"canabis",
		"smoking"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id272724479?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/13---Weed-id2852897-id272724479",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/4a1BW6oEvxPhK/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/4a1BW6oEvxPhK/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

Do you feel safe?

- Important question to think about.
- Safety is foundational for humans.
- I feel incredibly safe. Physically. Emotionally.
- Slightly worried about job security, as well as the future.
      
### the_topic

Weed

- I remember I 1st smoked weed when I was 18 or 19.
- Then it progressively became a habit and throughout uni, I was getting blazed pretty often.
- For like the 1st year of uni it was like, once a week.
- (watch music videos and play video games)
- And then I started hanging out with a bad crowd (not so much because of weed, but because I was depressed)
- Then one day I was hanging with the lads and I just stopped enjoying it.
- Nowadays I'm basically 100% sober. I don't drink, I don't smoke weed.
- It's almost impossible to have solid routine as well as be stoned.
      
### the_viewermail

Allison Miller from Venice, Italy.

"Hey Julius. You sexy beast. How much sand is too much sand?"

- Well, everyone knows you can never have too much sand?
- Fact is, I like a sandy pussy. It's like having sex with the ocean. You get that nice breeze.
- I even sometimes like to use the beach as my personal fleshlight.
- Sand is also great for building walls, in particular to keep immigrants out of this fine country.
- Not because I'm a racist, because because I'm a race realist.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
