{
	"episode_number": 14,
	"slug": "ep-14-journalism",
	"title": "#14 - Journalism",
	"date": "2020-06-11T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: How do you contribute towards society? 2. The Topic: The call of the journalist. 3. The Viewermail: Dealing with awful acnee. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How do you contribute towards society?\n\n- Do you volunteer at the home shelter? Offering sexual favors to the homeless?\n- Maybe you don't do anything at all.\n- I pay taxes and I help companies grow and I guess that's how I quantify my contribution towards society.\n- I also rape and murder. It's good to give the police a reason to exist, AMIRITE!?!?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Journalism\n\n- I'm a Journalism graduate from Monash uninversity.\n- It's something that I'm passionate about, sort of telling stories.\n- I've never worked as a journalist (talk about working in PR)\n- Other reasons: a) There are no jobs and b) and the pay is terrible.\n- I realised that although I like writing and I like reading journalism, producing journalism is a different thing.\n- And I realised that it's not compatible with my mental health.\n- I need balance and journalism doesn't offer that.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Montreal, Canada",
			"notes": "William Edwards from Montreal, Canada.\n\n\"Dear Julius. I'm a horny teenager with really bad acne. What can I do so my face can look less like the munted equivalent of a burnt springroll?\"\n\n- Smearing is a word you don't often want to hear, but it's important that I give solid advice that my listeners can respect.\n- Have you tried peanut butter? I know that goes down a real treat.\n- Now to deal with the scaring, it's best that you use a knife. Just chop off the excess.\n- If you have children or know of a potent source of children, it can help to just cut the skin off their face and place it onto yours.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"journalism",
		"news"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id272724544?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/14---Journalism-id2852897-id272724544",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/EO8UXAUbKGsGQ/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/EO8UXAUbKGsGQ/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

How do you contribute towards society?

- Do you volunteer at the home shelter? Offering sexual favors to the homeless?
- Maybe you don't do anything at all.
- I pay taxes and I help companies grow and I guess that's how I quantify my contribution towards society.
- I also rape and murder. It's good to give the police a reason to exist, AMIRITE!?!?
      
### the_topic

Journalism

- I'm a Journalism graduate from Monash uninversity.
- It's something that I'm passionate about, sort of telling stories.
- I've never worked as a journalist (talk about working in PR)
- Other reasons: a) There are no jobs and b) and the pay is terrible.
- I realised that although I like writing and I like reading journalism, producing journalism is a different thing.
- And I realised that it's not compatible with my mental health.
- I need balance and journalism doesn't offer that.
      
### the_viewermail

William Edwards from Montreal, Canada.

"Dear Julius. I'm a horny teenager with really bad acne. What can I do so my face can look less like the munted equivalent of a burnt springroll?"

- Smearing is a word you don't often want to hear, but it's important that I give solid advice that my listeners can respect.
- Have you tried peanut butter? I know that goes down a real treat.
- Now to deal with the scaring, it's best that you use a knife. Just chop off the excess.
- If you have children or know of a potent source of children, it can help to just cut the skin off their face and place it onto yours.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
