{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-16",
	"episode_number": 16,
	"slug": "ep-16-tekken",
	"title": "#16 - Tekken",
	"date": "2020-06-15T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-15T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: How do you deal with stress? 2. The Topic: The game that got me into fighters. 3. The Viewermail: I help an asexual man out because I'm just a good guy. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How do you deal with stress?\n\n- Maybe you don't deal with it at all. (screaming into a pillow)\n- Maybe you're one of those hot Yoga teachers (calm and zen)\n- Personally I like to punch children.\n- For me it's about being pro-active with my mental health.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Tekken\n\n- I started playing Tekken 7 earlier in 2020.\n- It's the first serious fighting game that I've played which actually clicked for me.\n- Smash bros doesn't count.\n- Actually, come to think of it Mortal Kombat I was playing before. (but this is the first online fighter I've played)\n- If you love competition and the mindgame meta, you'll love Tekken.\n- And if you don't like Tekken, then clearly it means you're a Trump supporter, and we'll probably have to brutal S&M sex later.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Kingston, Jamaica",
			"notes": "Alexis Roberts from Kingston, Jamaica.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I'm an asexual male so I'm completely about dicks n' vaginas and stuff. As a result, the other kids at school tease me for not getting it. Could you please teach me what I should look for in women, if I were a normal straight male?\"\n\n- Firstly, it's all about breasts. If you see a chick with huge tits, you should be drooling. Public is totally okay in that situation.\n- Although the proper answer is that you should be looking for emotionally hampered asian women.\n- They're the most prized of all the women. Preferrably find one in cosplay, that's usually what we're looking for.\n- So that way you can continue to have sex with her, and she'll be completely indifferent to how much of a creep you.\n- As per usual, babe magnet reade dishing out solid advice.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"Tekken",
		"video games"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id274837552?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/16---Tekken-id2852897-id274837552",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/kOIlvw3v52J0I/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/kOIlvw3v52J0I/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

How do you deal with stress?

- Maybe you don't deal with it at all. (screaming into a pillow)
- Maybe you're one of those hot Yoga teachers (calm and zen)
- Personally I like to punch children.
- For me it's about being pro-active with my mental health.
      
### the_topic

Tekken

- I started playing Tekken 7 earlier in 2020.
- It's the first serious fighting game that I've played which actually clicked for me.
- Smash bros doesn't count.
- Actually, come to think of it Mortal Kombat I was playing before. (but this is the first online fighter I've played)
- If you love competition and the mindgame meta, you'll love Tekken.
- And if you don't like Tekken, then clearly it means you're a Trump supporter, and we'll probably have to brutal S&M sex later.
      
### the_viewermail

Alexis Roberts from Kingston, Jamaica.

"Hey Julius. I'm an asexual male so I'm completely about dicks n' vaginas and stuff. As a result, the other kids at school tease me for not getting it. Could you please teach me what I should look for in women, if I were a normal straight male?"

- Firstly, it's all about breasts. If you see a chick with huge tits, you should be drooling. Public is totally okay in that situation.
- Although the proper answer is that you should be looking for emotionally hampered asian women.
- They're the most prized of all the women. Preferrably find one in cosplay, that's usually what we're looking for.
- So that way you can continue to have sex with her, and she'll be completely indifferent to how much of a creep you.
- As per usual, babe magnet reade dishing out solid advice.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
