{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-17",
	"episode_number": 17,
	"slug": "ep-17-standing-desk",
	"title": "#17 - Standing Desk",
	"date": "2020-06-16T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-16T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What are you having for dinner tonight! 2. The Topic: I stand at thy desk. 3. The Viewermail: The nun wants to become a slut. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What are you having for dinner tonight!\n\n- Are you a lonely single mother who anticipates eating a frozen TV dinner meal, while your cat walks all over you and leaves nothing but hair and shame across the facade of your fringe?\n- (if so, give me a call, we should hook up!)\n- With all the fasting I generally only eat dinner, so it's like the highlight of my day.\n- If you have a partner or A SLAVE, do they cook for you?\n- My partner cooks for me.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Standing Desk\n\n- Sitting is the new smoking, ya hear.\n- For maybe the past 2 years I've been using a standing desk at home and at work.\n- It's great! (talk about benefits, more energy, better back)\n- Especially for sex work. Rather than bending down, you can just put your client on top of the desk and begin sucking that way. (it's a win/win)\n- Like anything, you just adjust to it.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Nukus, Uzbekistan",
			"notes": "Zoe Wright from Nukus, Uzbekistan.\n\n\"Hey Julius, I think your eyeliner looks fantastic today.\"\n\"I've been a celibate nun since I was a very small child. However, ever since visiting my first online porn website, I've realised that I actually want to become a slut. Are you able to teach me to be a slut?\"\n\n- The most important thing about being a slut is getting an STD. So basically, stop showering. Begin scraping your vagina on public toliet seats. (do what you can)\n- Sex with questionable men is also important. Extra brownie points if you're also on drugs while having sex with that person.\n- Outright disrespecting consent. If he/she or it says no, just ignore it, down a shot and go crazy.\n- Perhaps most important, spitting on and both fucking other sluts is quality slut behaviour.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"standing desk",
		"posture",
		"productivity"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id274837939?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/17---Standing-Desk-id2852897-id274837939",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/owJcE6XD2brsA/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/owJcE6XD2brsA/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

What are you having for dinner tonight!

- Are you a lonely single mother who anticipates eating a frozen TV dinner meal, while your cat walks all over you and leaves nothing but hair and shame across the facade of your fringe?
- (if so, give me a call, we should hook up!)
- With all the fasting I generally only eat dinner, so it's like the highlight of my day.
- If you have a partner or A SLAVE, do they cook for you?
- My partner cooks for me.
      
### the_topic

Standing Desk

- Sitting is the new smoking, ya hear.
- For maybe the past 2 years I've been using a standing desk at home and at work.
- It's great! (talk about benefits, more energy, better back)
- Especially for sex work. Rather than bending down, you can just put your client on top of the desk and begin sucking that way. (it's a win/win)
- Like anything, you just adjust to it.
      
### the_viewermail

Zoe Wright from Nukus, Uzbekistan.

"Hey Julius, I think your eyeliner looks fantastic today."
"I've been a celibate nun since I was a very small child. However, ever since visiting my first online porn website, I've realised that I actually want to become a slut. Are you able to teach me to be a slut?"

- The most important thing about being a slut is getting an STD. So basically, stop showering. Begin scraping your vagina on public toliet seats. (do what you can)
- Sex with questionable men is also important. Extra brownie points if you're also on drugs while having sex with that person.
- Outright disrespecting consent. If he/she or it says no, just ignore it, down a shot and go crazy.
- Perhaps most important, spitting on and both fucking other sluts is quality slut behaviour.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
