{
	"episode_number": 18,
	"slug": "ep-18-bitcoin",
	"title": "#18 - Bitcoin",
	"date": "2020-06-17T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: How long do you plan to work for? 2. The Topic: The highs and lows of the bitcoin flow. 3. The Viewermail: I'm a man obsessed with violence. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How long do you plan to work for?\n\n- When do you hope to retire?\n- Maybe you think you'll never retire at all. Perhaps you just have no savings.\n- Maybe you have a hard date, like when you're 65.\n- In my case, I want to still remain employed at my current company. I'll\n- Realistically, the best retirement plan is marry a nice rich Jewish girl. (as my mother has literally told me verbatim)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Bitcoin\n\n- I remember when bitcoin was like 1 grand a coin. Now it's like 14.\n- I was part of the Mt. Gox hack, thankfully I had no assets there.\n- I lost a lot of money on Bitcoin. (I reckon I lost 20 grand)\n- Trading is not for me. I'm purely emotional. I have no real.\n- The high of when you're up 400% and then bam, it's gone.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Saga, Japan",
			"notes": "Yukihiro Takahashi from Saga, Japan.\n\n\"Hey Julius-San.\" (Yukihiro-San, Hai!)\n\"It seems that you play a lot of gun and weapon sound-effects on the show. Why are you so obsessed with violence?\"\n\n- First Yukihiro-San, I'll have you know that these aren't just sound effects.\n- This is real life buddy.\n- Real guns. Real stories. Real Viewermail.\n- We have an orchestra playing everything life on the show.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"bitcoin",
		"cryptocurrency"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id274838076?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/18---Bitcoin-id2852897-id274838076",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/7FBY7h5Psqd20/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/7FBY7h5Psqd20/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

How long do you plan to work for?

- When do you hope to retire?
- Maybe you think you'll never retire at all. Perhaps you just have no savings.
- Maybe you have a hard date, like when you're 65.
- In my case, I want to still remain employed at my current company. I'll
- Realistically, the best retirement plan is marry a nice rich Jewish girl. (as my mother has literally told me verbatim)
      
### the_topic

Bitcoin

- I remember when bitcoin was like 1 grand a coin. Now it's like 14.
- I was part of the Mt. Gox hack, thankfully I had no assets there.
- I lost a lot of money on Bitcoin. (I reckon I lost 20 grand)
- Trading is not for me. I'm purely emotional. I have no real.
- The high of when you're up 400% and then bam, it's gone.
      
### the_viewermail

Yukihiro Takahashi from Saga, Japan.

"Hey Julius-San." (Yukihiro-San, Hai!)
"It seems that you play a lot of gun and weapon sound-effects on the show. Why are you so obsessed with violence?"

- First Yukihiro-San, I'll have you know that these aren't just sound effects.
- This is real life buddy.
- Real guns. Real stories. Real Viewermail.
- We have an orchestra playing everything life on the show.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
