{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-19",
	"episode_number": 19,
	"slug": "ep-19-estrangement",
	"title": "#19 - Estrangement",
	"date": "2020-06-18T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-18T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What do you enjoy most about your day? 2. The Topic: Let's talk about estrangement. 3. The Viewermail: I help feed some hungry people. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What do you enjoy most about your day?\n\n- Maybe you enjoy that morning coffee, along with a hand-rolled cigarette.\n- Maybe it's just doing what it is that you love doing? Playing video games, working.\n- For me it's just the process of seeing myself grow and progress. Weight lifting and just pushing myself.\n- To see that I'm just a bit further along with my life than I was before.\n- It helps create a sense of hope.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Estrangement\n\n- What is estrangement? \"the fact of no longer being on friendly terms or part of a social group.\"\n- In my case I disowned mother.\n- (explain shitty mother)\n- My dad I haven't really seen since I was like 10 or something.\n- Cut off my family in general. I just don't really care.\n- Silent epidemic.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Mogadishu, Somalia",
			"notes": "Gabriella Stewart from Mogadishu, Somalia.\n\n(hilariously white name for a native Somalian)\n\n\"Hey Julius. I'm a single from Somalia. I have six children and we have no money. Would you be willing to send us some food?\"\n\n- Well Gabriella, as a white nationalist I cannot even let you live.\n- (violent sound effects)\n- (because I'm a racist asshole)\n- Sorry, any Somalians listening. Must have been awfully traumatic for you.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"estrangement",
		"relationships"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id274838444?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/19---Estrangement-id2852897-id274838444",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/KDOJ6AZitUnvi/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/KDOJ6AZitUnvi/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

What do you enjoy most about your day?

- Maybe you enjoy that morning coffee, along with a hand-rolled cigarette.
- Maybe it's just doing what it is that you love doing? Playing video games, working.
- For me it's just the process of seeing myself grow and progress. Weight lifting and just pushing myself.
- To see that I'm just a bit further along with my life than I was before.
- It helps create a sense of hope.
      
### the_topic

Estrangement

- What is estrangement? "the fact of no longer being on friendly terms or part of a social group."
- In my case I disowned mother.
- (explain shitty mother)
- My dad I haven't really seen since I was like 10 or something.
- Cut off my family in general. I just don't really care.
- Silent epidemic.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabriella Stewart from Mogadishu, Somalia.

(hilariously white name for a native Somalian)

"Hey Julius. I'm a single from Somalia. I have six children and we have no money. Would you be willing to send us some food?"

- Well Gabriella, as a white nationalist I cannot even let you live.
- (violent sound effects)
- (because I'm a racist asshole)
- Sorry, any Somalians listening. Must have been awfully traumatic for you.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
