{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-20",
	"episode_number": 20,
	"slug": "ep-20-handwriting",
	"title": "#20 - Handwriting",
	"date": "2020-06-19T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-19T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What website do you use most? 2. The Topic: I talk about my love for handwriting. 3. The Viewermail: . Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What website do you use most?\n\n- Are you a facebook person?\n- Maybe Google is the website that you use most.\n- I know reddit is particularly prominent for a lot of people.\n- Send in your websites, on le email.\n- For me it's actually hivandsingle.com\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Handwriting\n\n- Growing up I had really bad handwriting. (attritious)\n- It was like if you ate alphabet spaghetti and then vomitted everywhere.\n- Then I was like 20 I decided that I was going to learn it from scratch.\n- Then I thought, what if I used it to pick up women on the internet.\n- One time I wrote a note this girl in the library. \"Your beauty is like fireworks to my eyes.\"\n- There's stages. It looks nice, then you begin adding your own twists and styles to it, and now it's all fancy but is barely legible.\n- But yeah, I just find it really soothing as well.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Yogyakarta, Indonesia",
			"notes": "Aaliyah Morris from Yogyakarta, Indonesia.\n\n\"Hey Julius, loving the podcast. Even though I'm from Indonesia and I don't understand a lick of English, I still think it's pretty great when you go crazy and put everyone down. My question is, what can I do to learn English, so I can actually understand your show?\"\n\n- As any sane person knows, reality TV is the foundation of western society. So you really should be binge watching that.\n- Most porn thankfully is in English as well, so that's good. Which means you're also staying away from that wierd Japanese porn shit, which is also good for your soul.\n- Conversation practice is obviously important as well, which is why mugging people in English, is a great way to spark conversation.\n- You know, some people are a bit at first, but when you bring your knife out, that's when they really begin talking.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"handwriting",
		"calligraphy"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id274838949?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/20---Handwriting-id2852897-id274838949",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/QX84fiPOBG0E7QCbIn/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/QX84fiPOBG0E7QCbIn/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

What website do you use most?

- Are you a facebook person?
- Maybe Google is the website that you use most.
- I know reddit is particularly prominent for a lot of people.
- Send in your websites, on le email.
- For me it's actually hivandsingle.com
      
### the_topic

Handwriting

- Growing up I had really bad handwriting. (attritious)
- It was like if you ate alphabet spaghetti and then vomitted everywhere.
- Then I was like 20 I decided that I was going to learn it from scratch.
- Then I thought, what if I used it to pick up women on the internet.
- One time I wrote a note this girl in the library. "Your beauty is like fireworks to my eyes."
- There's stages. It looks nice, then you begin adding your own twists and styles to it, and now it's all fancy but is barely legible.
- But yeah, I just find it really soothing as well.
      
### the_viewermail

Aaliyah Morris from Yogyakarta, Indonesia.

"Hey Julius, loving the podcast. Even though I'm from Indonesia and I don't understand a lick of English, I still think it's pretty great when you go crazy and put everyone down. My question is, what can I do to learn English, so I can actually understand your show?"

- As any sane person knows, reality TV is the foundation of western society. So you really should be binge watching that.
- Most porn thankfully is in English as well, so that's good. Which means you're also staying away from that wierd Japanese porn shit, which is also good for your soul.
- Conversation practice is obviously important as well, which is why mugging people in English, is a great way to spark conversation.
- You know, some people are a bit at first, but when you bring your knife out, that's when they really begin talking.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
