{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-21",
	"episode_number": 21,
	"slug": "ep-21-drug-dealers",
	"title": "#21 - Drug Dealers",
	"date": "2020-06-22T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-22T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's the most selfish thing you've ever done? 2. The Topic: What's the deal with Drug Dealers. 3. The Viewermail: For the love of God, I do not condone incest. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's the most selfish thing you've ever done?\"\n\n- Maybe you like you hog the TV remote?\n- No sharing candy around the office\n- Maybe you won't let me sleep with your wife\n- I'm pretty selfish when it comes to my time. I don't have a lot of time, so anything I can do.\n- I also like to hoard children.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Drug Dealers\n\n- Just a disclaimer, I've never been a drug dealer.\n- I mean, you know. If a friend's around there might be some sharing.\n- I don't know what it is, but drug dealers are the worst (describe guy from Burwood)\n- (discuss drug dealer terms - homework, pizza etc.)\n- They were basically people you had to be friends with, but no one ever liked.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Willemstad, Netherlands",
			"notes": "Alyssa Williams from Willemstad, Netherlands.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Lovin' the show. I just creampied my own mother. Do you have any tips on dealing with the shame of having just partaken in mother-son incest?\"\n\n- Well, Alyssa I find the best way to deal with these situations is to just take a long cold shower. (play shower sound effect)\n- Don't forget to clean down there. No one likes a cum-enrusted pussy. And it also shows to your mother that you really care about her.\n- Of course, at this point, there really is only one solution, and that's to kill yourself.\n- Die you incest scum. (play violent sound effects)\n- And if you also happened to film it as well, please send it to thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"drugs",
		"drug dealers"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id278107054?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/21---Drug-Dealers-id2852897-id278107054",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/yUYvRvziacI4o/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/yUYvRvziacI4o/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's the most selfish thing you've ever done?"

- Maybe you like you hog the TV remote?
- No sharing candy around the office
- Maybe you won't let me sleep with your wife
- I'm pretty selfish when it comes to my time. I don't have a lot of time, so anything I can do.
- I also like to hoard children.
      
### the_topic

Drug Dealers

- Just a disclaimer, I've never been a drug dealer.
- I mean, you know. If a friend's around there might be some sharing.
- I don't know what it is, but drug dealers are the worst (describe guy from Burwood)
- (discuss drug dealer terms - homework, pizza etc.)
- They were basically people you had to be friends with, but no one ever liked.
      
### the_viewermail

Alyssa Williams from Willemstad, Netherlands.

"Hey Julius. Lovin' the show. I just creampied my own mother. Do you have any tips on dealing with the shame of having just partaken in mother-son incest?"

- Well, Alyssa I find the best way to deal with these situations is to just take a long cold shower. (play shower sound effect)
- Don't forget to clean down there. No one likes a cum-enrusted pussy. And it also shows to your mother that you really care about her.
- Of course, at this point, there really is only one solution, and that's to kill yourself.
- Die you incest scum. (play violent sound effects)
- And if you also happened to film it as well, please send it to thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
