{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-22",
	"episode_number": 22,
	"slug": "ep-22-paleo-diet",
	"title": "#22 - Paleo Diet",
	"date": "2020-06-23T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What do you like to drink? 2. The Topic: . 3. The Viewermail: Apparently I teach a guy how to breathe again. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What do you like to drink?\"\n\n- Are you a raving alcoholic? Addicted to the drink.\n- Maybe you're one of those rebel diabetics, smashing the 7-up as the insulin pours out of your ears.\n- I personally like to drink the blood of my victims. Mostly children and cute Chinese squirels.\n- Actually I'm pretty boring. I'm definitely a water kind of guy.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Paleo Diet\n\n- I'm a pretty health conscious kind of guy. (I lift, eat healthy etc.)\n- I think I started back in 2011. (on and off)\n- Currently not doing it, at least not strictly. (but I still fast.)\n- I can definitely say that I felt healthier not eating wheat (the big thing are the poos)\n- But man, bread is so good!\n- Shin Ramyum\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Durango, Mexico",
			"notes": "Kaylee Baker from Durango, Mexico.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Absolutely loving tonight's entertainment. Recently I lost my ability to breathe. Can you please teach me how to breathe again?\"\n\n- Kaylee, as someone who absolutely loves to partake in my oral fixation for cock, I can definitely say oral sex can help.\n- Heading out into nature and seeing a few of those breath-taking scenes is obviously going to help.\n- Chances are Kaylee, that you're actually dead.\n- And I'm down for that! Everyone knows that dead hookers are better than alive hookers.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"paleo diet",
		"health",
		"diet"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/l0MYIbjlBxxw60O8E/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/l0MYIbjlBxxw60O8E/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What do you like to drink?"

- Are you a raving alcoholic? Addicted to the drink.
- Maybe you're one of those rebel diabetics, smashing the 7-up as the insulin pours out of your ears.
- I personally like to drink the blood of my victims. Mostly children and cute Chinese squirels.
- Actually I'm pretty boring. I'm definitely a water kind of guy.
      
### the_topic

Paleo Diet

- I'm a pretty health conscious kind of guy. (I lift, eat healthy etc.)
- I think I started back in 2011. (on and off)
- Currently not doing it, at least not strictly. (but I still fast.)
- I can definitely say that I felt healthier not eating wheat (the big thing are the poos)
- But man, bread is so good!
- Shin Ramyum
      
### the_viewermail

Kaylee Baker from Durango, Mexico.

"Hey Julius. Absolutely loving tonight's entertainment. Recently I lost my ability to breathe. Can you please teach me how to breathe again?"

- Kaylee, as someone who absolutely loves to partake in my oral fixation for cock, I can definitely say oral sex can help.
- Heading out into nature and seeing a few of those breath-taking scenes is obviously going to help.
- Chances are Kaylee, that you're actually dead.
- And I'm down for that! Everyone knows that dead hookers are better than alive hookers.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
