{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-23",
	"episode_number": 23,
	"slug": "ep-23-dating",
	"title": "#23 - Dating",
	"date": "2020-06-24T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-24T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's the most beautiful thing you've ever seen? 2. The Topic: I hated dating, so much. 3. The Viewermail: I'm all about those sweet asian hookups on the show. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?\"\n\n- Maybe you were out travelling and you saw a beautiful sunset.\n- Perhaps it was a food item. The perfect bowl of ramen.\n- Maybe it was a body part because you're a sexual deviant of sorts.\n- In my case, it's of course my current partner, as opposed to previous partners\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Dating\n\n- I probably dated for two years.\n- I absolutely hated dating. Especially when you look (and sound) like me. No one wants a wet noodle.\n- My strategy was like, hiting on mentally ill girls on tumblr.\n- (describe how I met current partner)\n- I'm so glad I never have to date again.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Chandigarh, India",
			"notes": "Camila Taylor from Chandigarh, India.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I think you have a massive penis. I have a huge fetish for young asian women, and apparently you're Asian, so what tips can you give me so I can taste the sweet yellow nectar of an undying lil' ricecake?\"\n\n- Well unfortunately Asians are notoriously racist and you being Indian ...well, you might have to go white.\n- Or Yellow face (which has been proven to be notoriously difficult compared to white face). Dried cat's piss works well for that.\n- The main however, is having a lot of money. Asians love money.\n- Being judgemental against them, is for whatever reason as sign of endearment for asian women. Just ask my mother.\n- They also like being pistol whipped in bed.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"dating",
		"relationships",
		"tumblr"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id278764122?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/23---Dating-id2852897-id278764122",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/78Vk8bdj5LRAY/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/78Vk8bdj5LRAY/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?"

- Maybe you were out travelling and you saw a beautiful sunset.
- Perhaps it was a food item. The perfect bowl of ramen.
- Maybe it was a body part because you're a sexual deviant of sorts.
- In my case, it's of course my current partner, as opposed to previous partners
      
### the_topic

Dating

- I probably dated for two years.
- I absolutely hated dating. Especially when you look (and sound) like me. No one wants a wet noodle.
- My strategy was like, hiting on mentally ill girls on tumblr.
- (describe how I met current partner)
- I'm so glad I never have to date again.
      
### the_viewermail

Camila Taylor from Chandigarh, India.

"Hey Julius. I think you have a massive penis. I have a huge fetish for young asian women, and apparently you're Asian, so what tips can you give me so I can taste the sweet yellow nectar of an undying lil' ricecake?"

- Well unfortunately Asians are notoriously racist and you being Indian ...well, you might have to go white.
- Or Yellow face (which has been proven to be notoriously difficult compared to white face). Dried cat's piss works well for that.
- The main however, is having a lot of money. Asians love money.
- Being judgemental against them, is for whatever reason as sign of endearment for asian women. Just ask my mother.
- They also like being pistol whipped in bed.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
