{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-24",
	"episode_number": 24,
	"slug": "ep-24-programming",
	"title": "#24 - Programming",
	"date": "2020-06-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Who do you want to kill? 2. The Topic: Everyone loves a sexy programmer. 3. The Viewermail: I am not a drug dealer, at least I am very certain of it. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Who do you want to kill?\"\n\n- Maybe you're a non-violent person. An NPC, perhaps.\n- Maybe sometimes you feel like killing your family. In my case, my family have already killed me personally on the inside, so there's little point in my continuing.\n- Asians are obviously a good submissive target if you want an easy headshot.\n- I personally want to kill wildlife in Africa.\n- No better feeling than shooting an Elephant and watching it fall.\n- Of course, you can then use the tusk as a fleshlight. Good stuff there.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Programming\n\n- I'm a professional programmer. JavaScript, Node.js.\n- I was hopeless at programming until I was around 20/21. I must have tried 6 or 7 times throughout my life and it never made any sense. Then one day it clicked.\n- Studied it like crazy. An moment I had, I would program.\n- Motivations: Pay and challenge. Challenge in the sense of not being boring as a 9-5.\n- The main reason I do it is because I love it. It's a huge hobby of mine.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "San Antonio, United States",
			"notes": "Grace James from San Antonio, United States.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I've been thinking about becoming a drug dealer, because I'm sick of you skimping me on my weed, and I now want to run my own operation. Any tips appreciated.\"\n\n- Firstly, I don't deal drugs.\n- Secondly, I didn't skimp you on your weed, buddy. You got your 7 grams okay, and everyone knows that stalk is complete acceptable.\n- Looking like a drug dealer I would say is a good 80% of the job.\n- We're talkin' duvets, that mexican bandana thing.\n- Carrying an Uzi is also super important.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"programming",
		"coding",
		"javascript"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id278764474?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/24---Programming-id2852897-id278764474",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/13HgwGsXF0aiGY/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/13HgwGsXF0aiGY/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Who do you want to kill?"

- Maybe you're a non-violent person. An NPC, perhaps.
- Maybe sometimes you feel like killing your family. In my case, my family have already killed me personally on the inside, so there's little point in my continuing.
- Asians are obviously a good submissive target if you want an easy headshot.
- I personally want to kill wildlife in Africa.
- No better feeling than shooting an Elephant and watching it fall.
- Of course, you can then use the tusk as a fleshlight. Good stuff there.
      
### the_topic

Programming

- I'm a professional programmer. JavaScript, Node.js.
- I was hopeless at programming until I was around 20/21. I must have tried 6 or 7 times throughout my life and it never made any sense. Then one day it clicked.
- Studied it like crazy. An moment I had, I would program.
- Motivations: Pay and challenge. Challenge in the sense of not being boring as a 9-5.
- The main reason I do it is because I love it. It's a huge hobby of mine.
      
### the_viewermail

Grace James from San Antonio, United States.

"Hey Julius. I've been thinking about becoming a drug dealer, because I'm sick of you skimping me on my weed, and I now want to run my own operation. Any tips appreciated."

- Firstly, I don't deal drugs.
- Secondly, I didn't skimp you on your weed, buddy. You got your 7 grams okay, and everyone knows that stalk is complete acceptable.
- Looking like a drug dealer I would say is a good 80% of the job.
- We're talkin' duvets, that mexican bandana thing.
- Carrying an Uzi is also super important.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
