{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-26",
	"episode_number": 26,
	"slug": "ep-26-typewriters",
	"title": "#26 - Typewriters",
	"date": "2020-06-29T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-29T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What was your favourite toy growing up? 2. The Topic: Type Tap Tip. 3. The Viewermail: I am your father. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What was your favourite toy growing up?\"\n\n- Kids be crazy about the cup n' ball.\n- I hope your favourite toy wasn't a dilo, or something.\n- I was pretty crazy about Thomas the Tank Engine when I was a child.\n- And definitely video game consoles were largely what kept me from killing myself as a kid, so there you go.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Typewriters\n\n- Back when I was really into handwriting, I was really into collecting typeswiters.\n- I remember my first typewriter. It was electric.\n- I used it to write romantic letters to my partner.\n- In the end, I realised that collecting is a dead end (explain)\n- Although I did get a typewriter that can write in cursive, and I still have it to this day.\n- Thankfully I only ever bought probably like 5 typewriters in total.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Surat Thani, Thailand",
			"notes": "Gabriel Thomas from Surat Thani, Thailand.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I really need your help! Not just because you're a sexy Asian, but also because my dad left me when I was only seven years' old. Dear Julius, can you please help me find him?\"\n My dad left me when I was seven. Can you please help find him?\"\n\n- I hate to say it, but I am your father.\n- So I imagine there's a lot of stuff that I simply never got around to teaching you, so I thought we'd do a quick one on one.\n- Don't do drugs. (Unless if they're free drugs, then have as many as you can physically put in your mouth)\n- A bit of advice: You will never be enough. You will always be inadequate as a human being.\n- Cooking meth is also an important skill for kids to learn.\n- Obviously I'm going to have to teach you to tie a knot. (I'm definitely not referring to marriage, because your mother was a complete bitch)\n- Get on the porn early. It's really\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"typewriters",
		"writing",
		"collecting"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id278770261?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/26---Typewriters-id2852897-id278770261",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/KWFzfm2iXrnr2/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/KWFzfm2iXrnr2/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What was your favourite toy growing up?"

- Kids be crazy about the cup n' ball.
- I hope your favourite toy wasn't a dilo, or something.
- I was pretty crazy about Thomas the Tank Engine when I was a child.
- And definitely video game consoles were largely what kept me from killing myself as a kid, so there you go.
      
### the_topic

Typewriters

- Back when I was really into handwriting, I was really into collecting typeswiters.
- I remember my first typewriter. It was electric.
- I used it to write romantic letters to my partner.
- In the end, I realised that collecting is a dead end (explain)
- Although I did get a typewriter that can write in cursive, and I still have it to this day.
- Thankfully I only ever bought probably like 5 typewriters in total.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabriel Thomas from Surat Thani, Thailand.

"Hey Julius. I really need your help! Not just because you're a sexy Asian, but also because my dad left me when I was only seven years' old. Dear Julius, can you please help me find him?"
 My dad left me when I was seven. Can you please help find him?"

- I hate to say it, but I am your father.
- So I imagine there's a lot of stuff that I simply never got around to teaching you, so I thought we'd do a quick one on one.
- Don't do drugs. (Unless if they're free drugs, then have as many as you can physically put in your mouth)
- A bit of advice: You will never be enough. You will always be inadequate as a human being.
- Cooking meth is also an important skill for kids to learn.
- Obviously I'm going to have to teach you to tie a knot. (I'm definitely not referring to marriage, because your mother was a complete bitch)
- Get on the porn early. It's really
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
