{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-27",
	"episode_number": 27,
	"slug": "ep-27-alcohol",
	"title": "#27 - Alcohol",
	"date": "2020-06-30T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's the worst thing you've ever done? 2. The Topic: Alcohol is a merry, merry time of year. 3. The Viewermail: The husband is half human, half carpet. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's the worst thing you've ever done?\"\n\n- This is a difficult one to answer. There's just so much that anyone can say.\n- Have you killed someone perhaps? Are you emotionally abusive? Are you a black mother?\n- Just a lot of bullying and possibly even to a point where someone actually quit their job and I don't want to say that they killed themself, because I can't prove that, but I was a terrible person.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Alcohol\n\n- I don't really drink a lot of alcohol.\n- I'll have benders when I'm with friends.\n- I just don't really get the appeal of alcohol (go into drinking/weed)\n- I really enjoy being sober.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Wollongong, Australia",
			"notes": "Ashley Gonzalez from Wollongong, Australia.\n\n\"Dear Julius. Loving the slanty eyes. My husband is half human, half carpet and I'm not sure how best to express my love to him. As someone know to love a good rag, can you please help me out Mr. Reade?\"\n\n- My brother is actually half carpet, so I can relate to your situation.\n- I like to really just step on carpet, that's how I show love.\n- Carpets also hate to be pissed on, so definitely don't piss on your husband, unless if he's into that kind of thing.\n- Carpets are also very sensitive to dust and mould, so be sure to clean out your vagina and stay clean.\n- Try avoid stepping on wood floors as well, they see that as ...well, frankly betrayal.\n- Especially when you come home smelling of hard wood. Talkin' about an awkward situation.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"alcohol",
		"drinking"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id278770346?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/27---Alcohol-id2852897-id278770346",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/PXMhNHif9uzzW/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/PXMhNHif9uzzW/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's the worst thing you've ever done?"

- This is a difficult one to answer. There's just so much that anyone can say.
- Have you killed someone perhaps? Are you emotionally abusive? Are you a black mother?
- Just a lot of bullying and possibly even to a point where someone actually quit their job and I don't want to say that they killed themself, because I can't prove that, but I was a terrible person.
      
### the_topic

Alcohol

- I don't really drink a lot of alcohol.
- I'll have benders when I'm with friends.
- I just don't really get the appeal of alcohol (go into drinking/weed)
- I really enjoy being sober.
      
### the_viewermail

Ashley Gonzalez from Wollongong, Australia.

"Dear Julius. Loving the slanty eyes. My husband is half human, half carpet and I'm not sure how best to express my love to him. As someone know to love a good rag, can you please help me out Mr. Reade?"

- My brother is actually half carpet, so I can relate to your situation.
- I like to really just step on carpet, that's how I show love.
- Carpets also hate to be pissed on, so definitely don't piss on your husband, unless if he's into that kind of thing.
- Carpets are also very sensitive to dust and mould, so be sure to clean out your vagina and stay clean.
- Try avoid stepping on wood floors as well, they see that as ...well, frankly betrayal.
- Especially when you come home smelling of hard wood. Talkin' about an awkward situation.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
