{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-28",
	"episode_number": 28,
	"slug": "ep-28-weight-lifting",
	"title": "#28 - Weight Lifting",
	"date": "2020-07-01T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: When was the last time you cried? 2. The Topic: I like to lift le weights. 3. The Viewermail: My alleged KKK recommendation. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"When was the last time you cried?\"\n\n- Are you a baby listening to the show, then perhaps you're crying right now.\n- Perhaps you're an adult and you find crying sexual. Well, I can definitely say that you're listening to the right show.\n- Personally speaking, I had a breakdown last weekend about my mother. So that's when I last cried.\n- Crying is healthy, so don't be afraid to cry.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Weight Lifting\n\n- I was always a fat unhealthy kid.\n- I started weight lifting maybe in 2015 or 2016.\n- It's been on and off, but on the most part I've made consistent progress.\n- For me it's about strength.\n- I was doing a thing called LeanGain\n- (talk about benefits)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Novi Sad, Serbia",
			"notes": "Gavin Stewart from Novi Sad, Serbia.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Thank you for your recommendation last episode to join the KKK. It was a fantastic decision and my life has improved dramatically. Much care and love. Gavin\"\n\n- Uh, well Gavin, I don't remember making that recommendataion.\n- Let me just consult my personal recommendations list:\n- Gang Bangs.\n- Inventing more potent variations of opium.\n- Using chopsticks.\n- Listening to Blink-182.\n- Joining the KKK.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"weight lifting",
		"exercise"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/AkglrSbYd1sY0/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/AkglrSbYd1sY0/giphy-downsized-medium.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"When was the last time you cried?"

- Are you a baby listening to the show, then perhaps you're crying right now.
- Perhaps you're an adult and you find crying sexual. Well, I can definitely say that you're listening to the right show.
- Personally speaking, I had a breakdown last weekend about my mother. So that's when I last cried.
- Crying is healthy, so don't be afraid to cry.
      
### the_topic

Weight Lifting

- I was always a fat unhealthy kid.
- I started weight lifting maybe in 2015 or 2016.
- It's been on and off, but on the most part I've made consistent progress.
- For me it's about strength.
- I was doing a thing called LeanGain
- (talk about benefits)
      
### the_viewermail

Gavin Stewart from Novi Sad, Serbia.

"Hey Julius. Thank you for your recommendation last episode to join the KKK. It was a fantastic decision and my life has improved dramatically. Much care and love. Gavin"

- Uh, well Gavin, I don't remember making that recommendataion.
- Let me just consult my personal recommendations list:
- Gang Bangs.
- Inventing more potent variations of opium.
- Using chopsticks.
- Listening to Blink-182.
- Joining the KKK.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
