{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-29",
	"episode_number": 29,
	"slug": "ep-29-pornography",
	"title": "#29 - Pornography",
	"date": "2020-07-02T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-02T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you care about the environment? 2. The Topic: Pornography is a topic we will be talking about today. 3. The Viewermail: This guy from India can't stop saying the N word. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you care about the environment?\"\n\n- Are you a rampant tree hugger!? In love with the texture of nature. Would you have sex with a seal?\n- Maybe you live for coal, and maybe even have a tire burning fetish.\n- I think I care for the environment, but I also don't really do anything. I care in theory, but bloody hell, turn on the heating to ten and roast me alive. It's currently winter and I want to be comfortable.\n- On the other hand environmentalists are generally hot, sooooo ya know.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Pornography\n\n- I first started watching porn when I was 10.\n- You could say that I have a porn addiction. (it's terrible)\n- In retrospect, I think I watched porn because I was very sad, but also as a form of self-harm.\n- I managed to overcome it when I was 25.\n- I started a venture, NeverFap Deluxe to help others deal with porn.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Nagpur, India",
			"notes": "Gabriel Long from Nagpur, India.\n\n\"Hey Julius. You kooky, kooky man. I have a compulsive addiction to saying the N-word. I'm worried I might actually say it in front of a black person, and offend them. What should I do?\"\n\n- I also have a very similar thing with basically anything offensive, so I feel for you buddy.\n- You know there's heaps of other offensive racial slurs out there you can enjoy.\n- As an asian, feel free to call me Chink, Gook, Slant.\n- In all seriousness, I would say it's more about building up the courage to say it in front of a black person.\n- Learn to speak like a black person so you confuse them. Don't forget to carry a gun, because as everyone knows, all black people are from the hood and carry firearms.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"pornography",
		"addiction"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id278770546?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/29---Pornography-id2852897-id278770546",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/dCLnda2cmQU9O/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/dCLnda2cmQU9O/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you care about the environment?"

- Are you a rampant tree hugger!? In love with the texture of nature. Would you have sex with a seal?
- Maybe you live for coal, and maybe even have a tire burning fetish.
- I think I care for the environment, but I also don't really do anything. I care in theory, but bloody hell, turn on the heating to ten and roast me alive. It's currently winter and I want to be comfortable.
- On the other hand environmentalists are generally hot, sooooo ya know.
      
### the_topic

Pornography

- I first started watching porn when I was 10.
- You could say that I have a porn addiction. (it's terrible)
- In retrospect, I think I watched porn because I was very sad, but also as a form of self-harm.
- I managed to overcome it when I was 25.
- I started a venture, NeverFap Deluxe to help others deal with porn.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabriel Long from Nagpur, India.

"Hey Julius. You kooky, kooky man. I have a compulsive addiction to saying the N-word. I'm worried I might actually say it in front of a black person, and offend them. What should I do?"

- I also have a very similar thing with basically anything offensive, so I feel for you buddy.
- You know there's heaps of other offensive racial slurs out there you can enjoy.
- As an asian, feel free to call me Chink, Gook, Slant.
- In all seriousness, I would say it's more about building up the courage to say it in front of a black person.
- Learn to speak like a black person so you confuse them. Don't forget to carry a gun, because as everyone knows, all black people are from the hood and carry firearms.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
