{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-30",
	"episode_number": 30,
	"slug": "ep-30-playstation-one",
	"title": "#30 - Playstation 1",
	"date": "2020-07-03T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-03T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your view on debt? 2. The Topic: Let us relive the glory days of the Playstation~! 3. The Viewermail: Cutting is not kool, unless if it's part of some gratuitous sketch. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your view on debt?\"\n\n- Are you a debt junkie? Are you up to your eyeballs in credit card debt?\n- Maybe you're all about dealing with gold and silver, you sexy anarchist.\n- Personally aside from a mortgage, I'm quite debt adverse. I like to save my money.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Playstation 1\n\n- I grew up with a playstation 1. It was my first home console.\n- Always super jealous of the other kid who had a playstation.\n- Crash Bandicoot 2, Colin McRae Rally\n- I also had my playstation chipped and I would head down to the watirna trash and treasure market to get burnt games.\n- My life pretty much revolved around the playstation.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Cusco, Peru",
			"notes": "Savannah Roberts from Cusco, Peru.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Lovin' the show. I've had a consistent hard-on since I was twelve, and I'm now twenty seven. Everyone has made fun of it my entire life, which is why I have severe depression.\nTo deal with the shame, I like to cut my penis. Can you please help?\" \n- Well Savannah, cutting is obviously not recommended. Which is why you need some alternatives.\n- Extreme alcoholism is definitely a valid way to deal with your feelings.\n- Heroin is obviously a very popular and healthy outlet.\n- Personally to deal with my huge penis, I support facist political groups. Gives me a sense of purpose.\n- Jesus is also a great way to deal with the sorrow. I personally like to crush him up and snort him.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"playstation",
		"video games"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id278770884?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/30---Playstation-1-id2852897-id278770884",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/kYDFO3rkOHrkQ/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/kYDFO3rkOHrkQ/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your view on debt?"

- Are you a debt junkie? Are you up to your eyeballs in credit card debt?
- Maybe you're all about dealing with gold and silver, you sexy anarchist.
- Personally aside from a mortgage, I'm quite debt adverse. I like to save my money.
      
### the_topic

Playstation 1

- I grew up with a playstation 1. It was my first home console.
- Always super jealous of the other kid who had a playstation.
- Crash Bandicoot 2, Colin McRae Rally
- I also had my playstation chipped and I would head down to the watirna trash and treasure market to get burnt games.
- My life pretty much revolved around the playstation.
      
### the_viewermail

Savannah Roberts from Cusco, Peru.

"Hey Julius. Lovin' the show. I've had a consistent hard-on since I was twelve, and I'm now twenty seven. Everyone has made fun of it my entire life, which is why I have severe depression.
To deal with the shame, I like to cut my penis. Can you please help?" 
- Well Savannah, cutting is obviously not recommended. Which is why you need some alternatives.
- Extreme alcoholism is definitely a valid way to deal with your feelings.
- Heroin is obviously a very popular and healthy outlet.
- Personally to deal with my huge penis, I support facist political groups. Gives me a sense of purpose.
- Jesus is also a great way to deal with the sorrow. I personally like to crush him up and snort him.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
