{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-31",
	"episode_number": 31,
	"slug": "ep-31-virtual-reality",
	"title": "#31 - Virtual Reality",
	"date": "2020-07-06T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-06T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your favourite animal? 2. The Topic: Virtual reality, WHAT IS EVEN REAL ANYMORE. 3. The Viewermail: I think I kill my partner in this one. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your favourite animal?\"\n\n- Do you love cats? Dogs!? Horses!?!!?!\n- Maybe you have a pet lizard, because you're one of those evil villians my mother would always warn me about.\n- I personally love dogs. I have a dog myself, and he's just super cuddly.\n- I also keep an afrian american man as a slave, so I guess that's like a pet. Jokes! It's actually an african american woman, because they're nicer.\n- And to balance that racist comment out, I will proceed to kill at least 100 pure bred white people in a mass shooting, probably at a church.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Virtual Reality\n\n- I never really understood it.\n- Then I tried it at the F1, and holy shit. Incredible. (explain what it's like)\n- I then bought a PSVR. I had to go all the way to Richmond for it.\n- I remember doing this scuba diving thing.\n- Resident Evil 7. Holy shit. Terrifying.\n- I sold it eventually because I thought they would make a 2nd one.\n- Motion sickness was a huge issue. Dying to play beat saber though.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Asahikawa, Japan",
			"notes": "Caleb Moore from Asahikawa, Japan.\n\n\"Hey Julius. You just have the cutest dimples. After listening to one of your shows, I decided to divorce my bitch ugly wife. Thank you for enlightening me.\"\n\n- Well you know Caleb, I think you've inspired me to divorce my bitch ugly wife as well.\n- (door kick sound effect)\n- \"I'm sorry babe, I'm gonna have to end it\" (shotgun)\n- And of course, that is the first white person I have killed today\n- Doing my part for the community.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"virtual reality",
		"VR headsets"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/Vp4cpDCA4Pwm4/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/Vp4cpDCA4Pwm4/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your favourite animal?"

- Do you love cats? Dogs!? Horses!?!!?!
- Maybe you have a pet lizard, because you're one of those evil villians my mother would always warn me about.
- I personally love dogs. I have a dog myself, and he's just super cuddly.
- I also keep an afrian american man as a slave, so I guess that's like a pet. Jokes! It's actually an african american woman, because they're nicer.
- And to balance that racist comment out, I will proceed to kill at least 100 pure bred white people in a mass shooting, probably at a church.
      
### the_topic

Virtual Reality

- I never really understood it.
- Then I tried it at the F1, and holy shit. Incredible. (explain what it's like)
- I then bought a PSVR. I had to go all the way to Richmond for it.
- I remember doing this scuba diving thing.
- Resident Evil 7. Holy shit. Terrifying.
- I sold it eventually because I thought they would make a 2nd one.
- Motion sickness was a huge issue. Dying to play beat saber though.
      
### the_viewermail

Caleb Moore from Asahikawa, Japan.

"Hey Julius. You just have the cutest dimples. After listening to one of your shows, I decided to divorce my bitch ugly wife. Thank you for enlightening me."

- Well you know Caleb, I think you've inspired me to divorce my bitch ugly wife as well.
- (door kick sound effect)
- "I'm sorry babe, I'm gonna have to end it" (shotgun)
- And of course, that is the first white person I have killed today
- Doing my part for the community.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
