{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-32",
	"episode_number": 32,
	"slug": "ep-32-bipolar-disorder",
	"title": "#32 - Bipolar Disorder",
	"date": "2020-07-07T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-07T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you follow the news? 2. The Topic: I talk about my disorder. 3. The Viewermail: Trump is in fact a lizard. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you follow the news?\"\n\n- I know some people, the first thing that they do is that they read the news. Keeping up to date with Trump's antics.\n- Others could care less about what's happening in the world.\n- In my case, I can't say I care much for news. Largely because it has a negative impact on my mental health.\n- Ironically I was a journalism major, so there ya go buddy.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Bipolar Disorder\n\n- I'm 99.99% sure I have bipolar disorder.\n- I refused to get diagnosed, largely because I don't want it in the system. That and I refuse to take drugs and I refuse to see a specialist.\n- I deal with it mostly well, like 90% of the time.\n- Honestly, it's both the best and worst thing in the worst.\n- Having an episode is like having the most intense focus in the world.\n- It's like, that thing which I'm fixed on is the most important thing in the world, and nothing anyone says will convince me otherwise.\n- In fact, this podcast is a consequence of that.\n- The main thing is to remind myself that it's just my disorder and that it's not actually real.\n- So you know, taking breaks when it's the furthest thing in my mind.\n- Often manifests into stress.\n- Meditation is a great way to maintain balance.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic",
			"notes": "Gabriella Hayes from Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.\n\n\"My name is Gabriella.\" (hello, you sexy beast. Give me your number.)\n\"I come from the future with a dire message. President Trump is actually a lizard and is . I have verifiable proof upon payment of 1 bitcoin.\"\n- Well, clearly this is a scam.\n- Who would believe this nonsense.\n- I mean who even likes Lizards! Lizards. Are. Lame.\n- (godzilla noises)\n- (I die.)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"bipolar disorder",
		"mental health"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/vTLSOH9jOgM12/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/vTLSOH9jOgM12/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you follow the news?"

- I know some people, the first thing that they do is that they read the news. Keeping up to date with Trump's antics.
- Others could care less about what's happening in the world.
- In my case, I can't say I care much for news. Largely because it has a negative impact on my mental health.
- Ironically I was a journalism major, so there ya go buddy.
      
### the_topic

Bipolar Disorder

- I'm 99.99% sure I have bipolar disorder.
- I refused to get diagnosed, largely because I don't want it in the system. That and I refuse to take drugs and I refuse to see a specialist.
- I deal with it mostly well, like 90% of the time.
- Honestly, it's both the best and worst thing in the worst.
- Having an episode is like having the most intense focus in the world.
- It's like, that thing which I'm fixed on is the most important thing in the world, and nothing anyone says will convince me otherwise.
- In fact, this podcast is a consequence of that.
- The main thing is to remind myself that it's just my disorder and that it's not actually real.
- So you know, taking breaks when it's the furthest thing in my mind.
- Often manifests into stress.
- Meditation is a great way to maintain balance.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabriella Hayes from Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.

"My name is Gabriella." (hello, you sexy beast. Give me your number.)
"I come from the future with a dire message. President Trump is actually a lizard and is . I have verifiable proof upon payment of 1 bitcoin."
- Well, clearly this is a scam.
- Who would believe this nonsense.
- I mean who even likes Lizards! Lizards. Are. Lame.
- (godzilla noises)
- (I die.)
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
