{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-33",
	"episode_number": 33,
	"slug": "ep-33-travel",
	"title": "#33 - Travel",
	"date": "2020-07-08T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-08T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Who influenced you most growing up? 2. The Topic: Travelin' round on this sad, lonely rock. 3. The Viewermail: I absolutely will not stop sending pictures of my penis. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Who influenced you most growing up?\"\n\n- Were you a George Bush fan girl growing up? Does the republican party make you wet.\n- Maybe your dad influenced you significantly, which is why you're now a raving alcoholic with a porn problem.\n- In my case, it was a lot of radio personalities. The Spoonman, aka Brian Carlton on Triple M. I guess in general, well spoken people and journalists.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Travel\n\n- I don't get the obsession with travel.\n- I think because I travelled a lot when I was younger.\n- China (been a heap). Europe I've been once. Japan I went as well.\n- I also lived in China when I was 10 years old for a year, so that's probably part of it as well.\n- I like just staying in the one spot. Not moving. Possible not breathing for days.\n- Of course, I would genuinely like to travel, Shrilanka that kind of thing. (But COVID makes that null)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Gijón, Spain",
			"notes": "Matthew Collins from Gijón, Spain.\n\n\"Hey Julius, can you please stop sending me pictures of your penis. It's small, I'm not interested in seeing your penis and I already have a boyfriend. What will it take for you to stop?\"\n\n- Firstly, I don't send my dick pics to other guys. (That's weird)\n- Secondly, I'll have you know that my penis is huge.\n- Not to mention it's in high demand. People love my penis. It's often seen on billboards for the people to enjoy.\n- Although let's be honest, the only reason you don't like my penis is because you have other fetishes that I'm simply unaware of.\n- Maybe you like a sexy toe. Do toes turn you on?\n- What if I lather my elbow slowly, while licking my nipples.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"travel"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id281957517?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/33---Travel-id2852897-id281957517",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/3orif02QevxIwIBNpm/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/3orif02QevxIwIBNpm/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Who influenced you most growing up?"

- Were you a George Bush fan girl growing up? Does the republican party make you wet.
- Maybe your dad influenced you significantly, which is why you're now a raving alcoholic with a porn problem.
- In my case, it was a lot of radio personalities. The Spoonman, aka Brian Carlton on Triple M. I guess in general, well spoken people and journalists.
      
### the_topic

Travel

- I don't get the obsession with travel.
- I think because I travelled a lot when I was younger.
- China (been a heap). Europe I've been once. Japan I went as well.
- I also lived in China when I was 10 years old for a year, so that's probably part of it as well.
- I like just staying in the one spot. Not moving. Possible not breathing for days.
- Of course, I would genuinely like to travel, Shrilanka that kind of thing. (But COVID makes that null)
      
### the_viewermail

Matthew Collins from Gijón, Spain.

"Hey Julius, can you please stop sending me pictures of your penis. It's small, I'm not interested in seeing your penis and I already have a boyfriend. What will it take for you to stop?"

- Firstly, I don't send my dick pics to other guys. (That's weird)
- Secondly, I'll have you know that my penis is huge.
- Not to mention it's in high demand. People love my penis. It's often seen on billboards for the people to enjoy.
- Although let's be honest, the only reason you don't like my penis is because you have other fetishes that I'm simply unaware of.
- Maybe you like a sexy toe. Do toes turn you on?
- What if I lather my elbow slowly, while licking my nipples.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
