{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-34",
	"episode_number": 34,
	"slug": "ep-34-paris",
	"title": "#34 - Paris",
	"date": "2020-07-09T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-09T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What do you wish you were good at? 2. The Topic: The Reade goes to Paris. 3. The Viewermail: No, it is not okay to piss on walls. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What do you wish you were good at?\"\n\n- I know a lot of people wish they were good at skateboarding, or whatever insecurity from childhood which drives them into the ground!\n- Maybe you want to be one of those crazy asian kids who can play piano very well (mention tiger mum)\n- I personally wish I was good at being empathetic.\n- My care for other people is like negative 20 million.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Paris\n\n- I went to Paris in 2013.\n- The first you notice is how derelict it is. It is not a nice, clean place\n- It's full of scammers and immigrants and young children trying to steal your luggage.\n- It's definitely a very impressive city architecturally.\n- The louvre was very impressive.\n- French people are hot.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Hat Yai, Thailand",
			"notes": "Avery Henderson from Hat Yai, Thailand.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Is it socially acceptable to piss on the walls? I have a curvy penis and often I can't control the direction of the flow.\"\n\n- Avery, it is perfectly acceptable to piss on things.\n- I'm currently pissing right now. (peeing sound effect)\n- But you know what isn't socially acceptable. Having a weird curvy penis (boo sound effect)\n- But who knows, maybe that's a Thai thing.\n- I recommend getting a hammer and flattening that sucker out.\n- Fact is, curvy penises are dangerous. Trying blowing a guy with a curvy penis, your risk peircing your cheeks. Potentially Leading to death!!!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"travel",
		"Paris"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/13qyRZ4VeiJ2nK/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/13qyRZ4VeiJ2nK/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What do you wish you were good at?"

- I know a lot of people wish they were good at skateboarding, or whatever insecurity from childhood which drives them into the ground!
- Maybe you want to be one of those crazy asian kids who can play piano very well (mention tiger mum)
- I personally wish I was good at being empathetic.
- My care for other people is like negative 20 million.
      
### the_topic

Paris

- I went to Paris in 2013.
- The first you notice is how derelict it is. It is not a nice, clean place
- It's full of scammers and immigrants and young children trying to steal your luggage.
- It's definitely a very impressive city architecturally.
- The louvre was very impressive.
- French people are hot.
      
### the_viewermail

Avery Henderson from Hat Yai, Thailand.

"Hey Julius. Is it socially acceptable to piss on the walls? I have a curvy penis and often I can't control the direction of the flow."

- Avery, it is perfectly acceptable to piss on things.
- I'm currently pissing right now. (peeing sound effect)
- But you know what isn't socially acceptable. Having a weird curvy penis (boo sound effect)
- But who knows, maybe that's a Thai thing.
- I recommend getting a hammer and flattening that sucker out.
- Fact is, curvy penises are dangerous. Trying blowing a guy with a curvy penis, your risk peircing your cheeks. Potentially Leading to death!!!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
