{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-35",
	"episode_number": 35,
	"slug": "ep-35-piracy",
	"title": "#35 - Piracy",
	"date": "2020-07-10T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-10T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your favourite cuisine? 2. The Topic: Thank you for illegally downloading my podcast. 3. The Viewermail: . Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your favourite cuisine?\"\n\n- Italian food is very popular around the world.\n- As a millennial, smashed avo on toast is what keeps me going.\n- Japanese food is also incredible.\n- I personally like all foods. I think there's merit in all foods.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Piracy\n\n- I won't lie, I don't care a lot about piracy.\n- The way I kind of look at it, is that I wouldn't have otherwise used your product, so me not paying for it doesn't mean that the other guy is losing money.\n- Especially as a kid. Like, you literally don't have any money.\n- With that said, I still largely buy stuff. (PS4, Switch games)\n- Definitely I will say that for some things, you do get less enjoyment out of it if you don't pay for it. (talk about video games)\n- Then again, I think I just don't enjoy video games as much.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Mwanza, Tanzania",
			"notes": "Christopher Ramirez from Mwanza, Tanzania.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Muchos Gracias.\"\n\"I don't trust my hands. They have been conspiring against me since I was a small child. What should I do?\"\n\n- Well I mean, hands are crazy. They can pick up things. Punch people.\n- You ever been molested by a hand. It's terrifying.\n- Like anything in life, the solution is violence. This means guns.\n- BUT, guns that have been designed in mind for feet to use. Because as everyone knows, feet can be trusted.\n- You ever had a bad footjob? Of course not!\n- Unless if someone is kicking you in the groin, that's when feet are evil.\n- But you know, maybe one day we'll live in a world where both feet and hands can co-exist.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"piracy",
		"illegal"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/zOlog7jgIIFfq/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/zOlog7jgIIFfq/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your favourite cuisine?"

- Italian food is very popular around the world.
- As a millennial, smashed avo on toast is what keeps me going.
- Japanese food is also incredible.
- I personally like all foods. I think there's merit in all foods.
      
### the_topic

Piracy

- I won't lie, I don't care a lot about piracy.
- The way I kind of look at it, is that I wouldn't have otherwise used your product, so me not paying for it doesn't mean that the other guy is losing money.
- Especially as a kid. Like, you literally don't have any money.
- With that said, I still largely buy stuff. (PS4, Switch games)
- Definitely I will say that for some things, you do get less enjoyment out of it if you don't pay for it. (talk about video games)
- Then again, I think I just don't enjoy video games as much.
      
### the_viewermail

Christopher Ramirez from Mwanza, Tanzania.

"Hey Julius. Muchos Gracias."
"I don't trust my hands. They have been conspiring against me since I was a small child. What should I do?"

- Well I mean, hands are crazy. They can pick up things. Punch people.
- You ever been molested by a hand. It's terrifying.
- Like anything in life, the solution is violence. This means guns.
- BUT, guns that have been designed in mind for feet to use. Because as everyone knows, feet can be trusted.
- You ever had a bad footjob? Of course not!
- Unless if someone is kicking you in the groin, that's when feet are evil.
- But you know, maybe one day we'll live in a world where both feet and hands can co-exist.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
