{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-36",
	"episode_number": 36,
	"slug": "ep-36-caffeine",
	"title": "#36 - Caffeine",
	"date": "2020-07-13T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-13T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What did you used to have for lunch as a kid? 2. The Topic: Caffeine. Caffeine. Caffeine. Hype. Hype. Hype. 3. The Viewermail: Let the Chinese dig holes in your vagina. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What did you used to have for lunch as a kid?\"\n\n- Peanut butter sandwiches are obviously a popular choice for white children.\n- Maybe you're one of those weird asian kids who ate rice for lunch and all the other kids made fun of you.\n- I had a bit of everything. I remember having tomato/cheese sandwhiches, those biscuit with cheese dip things, avocado sandwhichs which everyone made fun of me for, even though it was delicious.\n- I definitely never had any of the fancy stuff though.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Caffeine\n\n- I've never been into cafeeine. I never understood the point of it.\n- Don't get me wrong, I love the taste of coffee, but it absolutely destroys my sleep. It doesn't even make me energetic, it just makes me jittery.\n- (talk about negative side effects)\n- Water. Now there's a delicious beverage.\n- At the end of the day, almost everyone complains about being addicted to caffeine, and it's like, what the hell did you expect?\n- Besides, there are much better drugs. Have you tried LSD!?!?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Jakarta, Indonesia",
			"notes": "Sophia Howard from Jakarta, Indonesia.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I have copious amounts of iron ore stuck inside my vagina, and China are keen on extracting it. However, I don't feel comfortable with a bunch of Chinese miners boring holes inside my vagina. What should I do?\"\n\n- I mean, I guess it depends. What are the Chinese willing to pay for all that iron ore you're hoarding in there?\n- How big is your vagina? Are we talking a few billion ton of ore?\n- Let's be honest, this really is a matter of national resource security. We can't let the Chinese by Indonesian ore.\n- I suggest a boycott. I think you should effective cock block Chinese miners from accessing your ore.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"coffee",
		"caffeine"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/7UkC6MWySEObK/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/7UkC6MWySEObK/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What did you used to have for lunch as a kid?"

- Peanut butter sandwiches are obviously a popular choice for white children.
- Maybe you're one of those weird asian kids who ate rice for lunch and all the other kids made fun of you.
- I had a bit of everything. I remember having tomato/cheese sandwhiches, those biscuit with cheese dip things, avocado sandwhichs which everyone made fun of me for, even though it was delicious.
- I definitely never had any of the fancy stuff though.
      
### the_topic

Caffeine

- I've never been into cafeeine. I never understood the point of it.
- Don't get me wrong, I love the taste of coffee, but it absolutely destroys my sleep. It doesn't even make me energetic, it just makes me jittery.
- (talk about negative side effects)
- Water. Now there's a delicious beverage.
- At the end of the day, almost everyone complains about being addicted to caffeine, and it's like, what the hell did you expect?
- Besides, there are much better drugs. Have you tried LSD!?!?
      
### the_viewermail

Sophia Howard from Jakarta, Indonesia.

"Hey Julius. I have copious amounts of iron ore stuck inside my vagina, and China are keen on extracting it. However, I don't feel comfortable with a bunch of Chinese miners boring holes inside my vagina. What should I do?"

- I mean, I guess it depends. What are the Chinese willing to pay for all that iron ore you're hoarding in there?
- How big is your vagina? Are we talking a few billion ton of ore?
- Let's be honest, this really is a matter of national resource security. We can't let the Chinese by Indonesian ore.
- I suggest a boycott. I think you should effective cock block Chinese miners from accessing your ore.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
