{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-37",
	"episode_number": 37,
	"slug": "ep-37-colemak",
	"title": "#37 - Colemak",
	"date": "2020-07-14T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-14T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you believe in God? 2. The Topic: I use the Colemak keyboard layout! 3. The Viewermail: The guy on the train is afraid of molesting children. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you believe in God?\"\n\n- You know, there are some pretty religious people out there. Maybe you're one of them!\n- Do you love Jesus so much that you could cumshot him?\n- Or perhaps you are the agnostic type. Prone to not really caring much about anything.\n- I would say I'm probably an athest, but I haven't really looked into it too much.\n- Ultimately, you can't prove or disprove what you believe.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Colemak\n\n- Colemak is an alternative keyboard layout.\n- (talk about benefits)\n  + finger distance between keys.\n  + More comfortable.\n- Great online programs if you want to touch type.\n- I used to play a game called typeracer (explain)\n- Admittedly I do struggle a little bit with typing in QWERTY, but I very rarely have to write in QWERTY.\n- I highly recommend it. I'm the only person I've met irl who actually uses it.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Skopje, Macedonia",
			"notes": "Grace Sanchez from Skopje, Macedonia.\n\n\"Hey Julius. My penis is currently bulging from out of my pants, I need to get off the train, but the train is currently packed with a bunch of school children and I'm worried about molesting them with my bulging penis. Please send help!.\"\n\n- Unfortunately Grace, I'm currently stuck at the fine Writer's Daily studios, so I can't actually physically be there to help you.\n- Pissing yourself is usually the easiest way to get people to clear a path and stay away from you, so that's on the table. (of course, it will also completely ruin your credibility)\n- Technically speaking, punching a child is less severe than molesting a child. So you may want to take a first strike approach. Of course, the CCTV will capture you also having a boner, so you'll get done for both physical and sexual assault.\n- Personally speaking, that's why I like to carry a gun at all times. Because you can just pick em' off, one by one.\n- Aaaaand that was my 100th killing child joke. Thank you. thank you.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"keyboard",
		"colemak"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id285308685?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/37---Colemak-id2852897-id285308685",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/l0Ex7AMW2Ek1ScX0Q/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/l0Ex7AMW2Ek1ScX0Q/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you believe in God?"

- You know, there are some pretty religious people out there. Maybe you're one of them!
- Do you love Jesus so much that you could cumshot him?
- Or perhaps you are the agnostic type. Prone to not really caring much about anything.
- I would say I'm probably an athest, but I haven't really looked into it too much.
- Ultimately, you can't prove or disprove what you believe.
      
### the_topic

Colemak

- Colemak is an alternative keyboard layout.
- (talk about benefits)
  + finger distance between keys.
  + More comfortable.
- Great online programs if you want to touch type.
- I used to play a game called typeracer (explain)
- Admittedly I do struggle a little bit with typing in QWERTY, but I very rarely have to write in QWERTY.
- I highly recommend it. I'm the only person I've met irl who actually uses it.
      
### the_viewermail

Grace Sanchez from Skopje, Macedonia.

"Hey Julius. My penis is currently bulging from out of my pants, I need to get off the train, but the train is currently packed with a bunch of school children and I'm worried about molesting them with my bulging penis. Please send help!."

- Unfortunately Grace, I'm currently stuck at the fine Writer's Daily studios, so I can't actually physically be there to help you.
- Pissing yourself is usually the easiest way to get people to clear a path and stay away from you, so that's on the table. (of course, it will also completely ruin your credibility)
- Technically speaking, punching a child is less severe than molesting a child. So you may want to take a first strike approach. Of course, the CCTV will capture you also having a boner, so you'll get done for both physical and sexual assault.
- Personally speaking, that's why I like to carry a gun at all times. Because you can just pick em' off, one by one.
- Aaaaand that was my 100th killing child joke. Thank you. thank you.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
