{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-38",
	"episode_number": 38,
	"slug": "ep-38-foxtel",
	"title": "#38 - Foxtel",
	"date": "2020-07-15T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-15T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What do you hate most about yourself? 2. The Topic: Let me help you understand the wonderful world of Foxtel. 3. The Viewermail: Apparently this guy invented grapefruit in 1956. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What do you hate most about yourself?\"\n\n- Maybe it's your looks. Maybe your face looks like a sock or you have thunder thighs!\n- Maybe you hate that you have low self-esteem, or that you have to work some shitty job just to make ends meet.\n- I personally can't say I hate that much about myself. I guess I hate having a mental disorder and the suffering it causes me but at the same time, it's who I am and it is what it is.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Foxtel\n\n- Foxtel is basically Australian cable.\n- It was a big thing in the 90s. Cashed up bogans getting their SPORTS n' all that Jazz.\n- As a kid, people who had Foxtel were the best. You'd basically just be watching Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon.\n- I guess like as a kid, parents that had foxtel, it was like a sign of status. Same with having more than one gaming console.\n- Of course, it is grosly expensive.\n- But yeah, if I had unlimited money I would definitely get Foxtel.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Juazeiro do Norte, Brazil",
			"notes": "Aaron Coleman from Juazeiro do Norte, Brazil.\n\n\"Hi Julius, you nigger. I invented the grapefruit in 1956 but no one believes me. Why won't anyone believe me?\"\n\n- Well, obviously it's bullshit.\n- In fact I'm going to Google it right now just to prove that it's not true.\n- Oh right, you did invent the grapefruit. So uh, I'm kinda looking silly here.\n- But oh wait, it says you did it in 1946! BOOOOO! FAKE NEWS. YOU LIAR. (gun shots etc.)\n- Oh wait, that's not a 4 and is actually a 5, so I would like to apologise.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"Foxtel",
		"cable"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id285308719?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/38---Foxtel-id2852897-id285308719",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/14kcmneZkpMMqA/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/14kcmneZkpMMqA/giphy-downsized-medium.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What do you hate most about yourself?"

- Maybe it's your looks. Maybe your face looks like a sock or you have thunder thighs!
- Maybe you hate that you have low self-esteem, or that you have to work some shitty job just to make ends meet.
- I personally can't say I hate that much about myself. I guess I hate having a mental disorder and the suffering it causes me but at the same time, it's who I am and it is what it is.
      
### the_topic

Foxtel

- Foxtel is basically Australian cable.
- It was a big thing in the 90s. Cashed up bogans getting their SPORTS n' all that Jazz.
- As a kid, people who had Foxtel were the best. You'd basically just be watching Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon.
- I guess like as a kid, parents that had foxtel, it was like a sign of status. Same with having more than one gaming console.
- Of course, it is grosly expensive.
- But yeah, if I had unlimited money I would definitely get Foxtel.
      
### the_viewermail

Aaron Coleman from Juazeiro do Norte, Brazil.

"Hi Julius, you nigger. I invented the grapefruit in 1956 but no one believes me. Why won't anyone believe me?"

- Well, obviously it's bullshit.
- In fact I'm going to Google it right now just to prove that it's not true.
- Oh right, you did invent the grapefruit. So uh, I'm kinda looking silly here.
- But oh wait, it says you did it in 1946! BOOOOO! FAKE NEWS. YOU LIAR. (gun shots etc.)
- Oh wait, that's not a 4 and is actually a 5, so I would like to apologise.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
