{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-39",
	"episode_number": 39,
	"slug": "ep-39-sciatica",
	"title": "#39 - Sciatica",
	"date": "2020-07-16T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-16T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your favourite kind of car? 2. The Topic: What the hell is sciatica? 3. The Viewermail: I recommend my favourite act of terrorism, because that's exactly what society wants to hear. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your favourite kind of car?\"\n\n- Maybe you like those fast red ones?\n- Are you all about energy efficiency?\n- I know literally nothing about cars. I'm 27 and I don't even have my licence yet. I held my learner licence for so long that I had to renew it after ten years.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Sciatica\n\n- Sciatica is like a nerve condition.\n- (explain how I got it, bike ride)\n- Really painful to sit for any duration of time. (generally I would have to just lie in bed.)\n- Plane flights were the worst.\n- I don't know what happened but over time it sort of disappeared. Crazy how the body heals itself.\n- Moral of the story is to always stretch and not to push your body further than it can handle.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Mombasa, Kenya",
			"notes": "Claire Torres from Mombasa, Kenya.\n\n\"Hey Julius! I think you're a fantastic, outstanding individual. I'm an up and coming terrorist and I was wondering if you'd be able to recommend me your favourite act of terrorism?\"\n\n- I'm definitely a mass murder kind of guy.\n- Car bombing is obviously a fan favourite. It's like the best parts of F1, when the car smashes into the side of the grand stands, without having to wait all day.\n- Do you know how hard it is to jack a plane and fly it into a building? That takes an immense amount of skill.\n- Of course, maybe you're actually more of a political terrorist. Maybe you're all about government uprising, supporting the far left.\n- State-sponsored terrorism really is all the rage these days though, I hear the U.S. and Russia are offering some fantastic deals these days. A crate of AK-47s, yeah sure!\n- And if you're not doing it for religious reasons, then clearly you're an amateur. NOOB!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"sciatica",
		"condition"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id285308792?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/39---Sciatica-id2852897-id285308792",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/OPUHzs3F10lVK/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/OPUHzs3F10lVK/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your favourite kind of car?"

- Maybe you like those fast red ones?
- Are you all about energy efficiency?
- I know literally nothing about cars. I'm 27 and I don't even have my licence yet. I held my learner licence for so long that I had to renew it after ten years.
      
### the_topic

Sciatica

- Sciatica is like a nerve condition.
- (explain how I got it, bike ride)
- Really painful to sit for any duration of time. (generally I would have to just lie in bed.)
- Plane flights were the worst.
- I don't know what happened but over time it sort of disappeared. Crazy how the body heals itself.
- Moral of the story is to always stretch and not to push your body further than it can handle.
      
### the_viewermail

Claire Torres from Mombasa, Kenya.

"Hey Julius! I think you're a fantastic, outstanding individual. I'm an up and coming terrorist and I was wondering if you'd be able to recommend me your favourite act of terrorism?"

- I'm definitely a mass murder kind of guy.
- Car bombing is obviously a fan favourite. It's like the best parts of F1, when the car smashes into the side of the grand stands, without having to wait all day.
- Do you know how hard it is to jack a plane and fly it into a building? That takes an immense amount of skill.
- Of course, maybe you're actually more of a political terrorist. Maybe you're all about government uprising, supporting the far left.
- State-sponsored terrorism really is all the rage these days though, I hear the U.S. and Russia are offering some fantastic deals these days. A crate of AK-47s, yeah sure!
- And if you're not doing it for religious reasons, then clearly you're an amateur. NOOB!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
