{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-41",
	"episode_number": 41,
	"slug": "ep-41-saturday-school",
	"title": "#41 - Weekend School",
	"date": "2020-07-20T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-20T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What would you do if you had a million dollars? 2. The Topic: Please, god no! Don't take me back to Weekend School! 3. The Viewermail: Yes. Grass turns me on. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What would you do if you had a million dollars?\"\n\n- Spend it baby! Fast cars.\n- Perhaps you'd invest it into Bitcoin or the S&P5 million.\n- If I had a million dollars, I'd probably pay off my mortgage and then travel the world. Actually, I'd probably buy a house in Japan and live there for a while.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Weekend School\n\n- Firstly, FAKE NEWS. It was either a Saturday or Sunday.\n- I hated it. Usually it was Chinese, English and then Maths.\n- I was terrible at Chinese. The only thing that kept me going was that I lived in China for a year.\n- With that said, some fond memories. Mostly traumatic memories though.\n- I remember I had that crush whom was my crush and we awkwardly never spoke about it even though we really wanted to. Crazy times.\n- Basically what I've realised is that my entire life is bludging my way thruogh everything.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Srinagar, India",
			"notes": "Aaron Carter from Srinagar, India.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Loving the hair. I think I have grass growing inside me. Does that turn you on?\"\n\n- Well Aaron, that depends on a number of factors.\n- I like a nice firm grass. But also I like the wisp elusiveness of moss, so that's something which gets my goat.\n- I also like a pure grass. None of this cross-bred shit.\n- Another thing to consider, is your grass well-watered? No one likes a dry grass, acrid grass.\n- Of course, inspite of the variances I love all grass, and I have been known to wank liberally on my lawn, on a daily. Sometimes even hourly.\n- So by all means, send me pictures of your grass along with a paypal link, and I'll see what I can do.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"education",
		"schooling"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "41",
	"castboxLink": "41",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/DeJqH1Q76fjtC/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/DeJqH1Q76fjtC/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What would you do if you had a million dollars?"

- Spend it baby! Fast cars.
- Perhaps you'd invest it into Bitcoin or the S&P5 million.
- If I had a million dollars, I'd probably pay off my mortgage and then travel the world. Actually, I'd probably buy a house in Japan and live there for a while.
      
### the_topic

Weekend School

- Firstly, FAKE NEWS. It was either a Saturday or Sunday.
- I hated it. Usually it was Chinese, English and then Maths.
- I was terrible at Chinese. The only thing that kept me going was that I lived in China for a year.
- With that said, some fond memories. Mostly traumatic memories though.
- I remember I had that crush whom was my crush and we awkwardly never spoke about it even though we really wanted to. Crazy times.
- Basically what I've realised is that my entire life is bludging my way thruogh everything.
      
### the_viewermail

Aaron Carter from Srinagar, India.

"Hey Julius. Loving the hair. I think I have grass growing inside me. Does that turn you on?"

- Well Aaron, that depends on a number of factors.
- I like a nice firm grass. But also I like the wisp elusiveness of moss, so that's something which gets my goat.
- I also like a pure grass. None of this cross-bred shit.
- Another thing to consider, is your grass well-watered? No one likes a dry grass, acrid grass.
- Of course, inspite of the variances I love all grass, and I have been known to wank liberally on my lawn, on a daily. Sometimes even hourly.
- So by all means, send me pictures of your grass along with a paypal link, and I'll see what I can do.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
