{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-42",
	"episode_number": 42,
	"slug": "ep-42-newgrounds",
	"title": "#42 - Newgrounds",
	"date": "2020-07-21T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-21T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: How would it make you feel if your parents died? 2. The Topic: I talk about a childhood trope, NewGrounds. 3. The Viewermail: His name is Kim John Un. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"How would it make you feel if your parents died?\"\n\n- Would you be absolutely devastated if you were to find your mother lying dead on the side of the road, head crushed by an oncoming vehicle?\n- Or would you be indifferent? Would you not care?\n- Perhaps you would feel happy. Maybe you hate your parents that much?\n- I think even though I no longer keep in contact with my parents for various reasons, I think I'd still be sad about it.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Newgrounds\n\n- I remember as a kid I would go on Newgrounds\n- I was also playing all the R18+ games. I specifically remember dressing up avril lavigne.\n- It was edgy as a kid. I guess it was like the original YouTube if you think about it.\n- Send us a message. What websites did you used to go on as a child?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Sarpsborg, Norway",
			"notes": "Sarah Griffin from Sarpsborg, Norway.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I think my dad is Kim John Un. What do you think I should do?\"\n\n- Well Sarah, thank you for sharing that with us.\n- As head of the Australian Central Intelligence Unit, it's imperative that you tell us more details about your father.\n- Does he like plastic cheese, or regular tasty? Obviously very important for us to know.\n- Does your dad listen to The Writer's Daily? Can we get him to donate some money at all?\n- Also does he like his Kimchi hot or mild?\n- Also really important, do you have any dick pics of your fathers? Purely for research purposes, and possibly to turn into mass market memorabilia.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"Newgrounds",
		"website"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id288411367?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/42---Newgrounds-id2852897-id288411367",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/11JrXA63z7lc6Q/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/11JrXA63z7lc6Q/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"How would it make you feel if your parents died?"

- Would you be absolutely devastated if you were to find your mother lying dead on the side of the road, head crushed by an oncoming vehicle?
- Or would you be indifferent? Would you not care?
- Perhaps you would feel happy. Maybe you hate your parents that much?
- I think even though I no longer keep in contact with my parents for various reasons, I think I'd still be sad about it.
      
### the_topic

Newgrounds

- I remember as a kid I would go on Newgrounds
- I was also playing all the R18+ games. I specifically remember dressing up avril lavigne.
- It was edgy as a kid. I guess it was like the original YouTube if you think about it.
- Send us a message. What websites did you used to go on as a child?
      
### the_viewermail

Sarah Griffin from Sarpsborg, Norway.

"Hey Julius. I think my dad is Kim John Un. What do you think I should do?"

- Well Sarah, thank you for sharing that with us.
- As head of the Australian Central Intelligence Unit, it's imperative that you tell us more details about your father.
- Does he like plastic cheese, or regular tasty? Obviously very important for us to know.
- Does your dad listen to The Writer's Daily? Can we get him to donate some money at all?
- Also does he like his Kimchi hot or mild?
- Also really important, do you have any dick pics of your fathers? Purely for research purposes, and possibly to turn into mass market memorabilia.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
