{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-43",
	"episode_number": 43,
	"slug": "ep-43-china",
	"title": "#43 - China",
	"date": "2020-07-22T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-22T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Who's your favourite superhero? 2. The Topic: China. China. China. 3. The Viewermail: The Reade helps heal a broken heart. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Who's your favourite superhero?\"\n\n- Are you a fan of the classics superman, spiderman, wonder woman.\n- Maybe you're an avid comic book collector and there's some sort of obscure super hero whom you like best.\n- I can't say that I have a favourite, I've never really cared much for superheros, at all. So F U question.\n- I will say though, that there is absolutely nothing sadder than a grown man who's obsessed with batman.\n- I'm not saying that they need to be round up and shot, but it would be a public service. For sure.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "China\n\n- So I'm half Chinese.\n- I lived in China for a year when I was 10 (talk about that)\n- It's crazy, China is kind of like what Germany was before WW2 (explain)\n- Did you know TikTok is owned by China? It feels like everyone is owned by China or made by China.\n- And you can tell China is succeeding because everyone hates China. Everyone hates China.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Sinop, Brazil",
			"notes": "Gabriel Gonzalez from Sinop, Brazil.\n\n\"Dear Julius. My lovely, lovely Julius. I have a hole in my chest where my heart should be. Is that normal?\"\n\n- I want to let you know that heartbreak is always difficult, and that hooking up with The Reade is a great way.\n- I offer a number of packages.\n- You can get the Julius Reade girlfriend experience, where we get to make out and eat cupcakes n' stuff.\n- You can get the Julius Reade ex experience, where I dress up as your ex and I mimic how she broke up with you.\n- I will also just outright blow you for $80.\n- Maybe you want to use me as a vessel for sex for a VR porn experience. That's actually less than a blow job. That's $2.50.\n- Of course, if you're also bleeding profusely from your chest, then it's absolutely also normal. And you shouldn't see a doctor, because they're all quacks! Every single one of them!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"China",
		"country"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "43",
	"castboxLink": "43",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/xT9KVt0MtHFRTPRRQI/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/xT9KVt0MtHFRTPRRQI/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Who's your favourite superhero?"

- Are you a fan of the classics superman, spiderman, wonder woman.
- Maybe you're an avid comic book collector and there's some sort of obscure super hero whom you like best.
- I can't say that I have a favourite, I've never really cared much for superheros, at all. So F U question.
- I will say though, that there is absolutely nothing sadder than a grown man who's obsessed with batman.
- I'm not saying that they need to be round up and shot, but it would be a public service. For sure.
      
### the_topic

China

- So I'm half Chinese.
- I lived in China for a year when I was 10 (talk about that)
- It's crazy, China is kind of like what Germany was before WW2 (explain)
- Did you know TikTok is owned by China? It feels like everyone is owned by China or made by China.
- And you can tell China is succeeding because everyone hates China. Everyone hates China.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabriel Gonzalez from Sinop, Brazil.

"Dear Julius. My lovely, lovely Julius. I have a hole in my chest where my heart should be. Is that normal?"

- I want to let you know that heartbreak is always difficult, and that hooking up with The Reade is a great way.
- I offer a number of packages.
- You can get the Julius Reade girlfriend experience, where we get to make out and eat cupcakes n' stuff.
- You can get the Julius Reade ex experience, where I dress up as your ex and I mimic how she broke up with you.
- I will also just outright blow you for $80.
- Maybe you want to use me as a vessel for sex for a VR porn experience. That's actually less than a blow job. That's $2.50.
- Of course, if you're also bleeding profusely from your chest, then it's absolutely also normal. And you shouldn't see a doctor, because they're all quacks! Every single one of them!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
