{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-44",
	"episode_number": 44,
	"slug": "ep-44-javascript",
	"title": "#44 - JavaScript",
	"date": "2020-07-23T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-23T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Android or iOS? 2. The Topic: JavaScript is an awesome programming language. 3. The Viewermail: I have no idea why you're so bad at golf. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Android or iOS?\"\n\n- Are you a Steve Jobs fan boy, waiting for the day they resurrect his dead corpse from the grave.\n- Maybe instead you're a Google Homeboy, and you solely watch porn on your Google Pixel.\n- I really can't say that I care. I just have an android because it's cheap. In fact, I specifically got mine from China.\n- It's just a phone people! 90% of the time you're just watching YouTube videos on it.\n- Although I think it would be awesome to get addicted to one of those slot machine apps.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "JavaScript\n\n- JavaScript is a programming language.\n- I'm a JavaScript developer, and it's my favourite language. People hate it, but I hate them.\n- I like functional programming languages.\n- You can do everything with JavaScript.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Mamoudzou, France",
			"notes": "Julian Bailey from Mamoudzou, France.\n\n\"My dad beat and raped me as a child. Do you think that's why I'm so bad at golf?\"\n\n- There's probably a lot of reasons why you're bad at golf.\n- I mean, for example, have you signed up to my $5,000 dollar course on golf basics? If not, then you're probably going to struggle with golf.\n- Are you using Julius Reade signature golf clubs? If not, then of course you're going to be terrible at golf.\n- I mean Julian, bro, are you even watching the Julius Reade sex tape where I make out with a golf club and shove it inside my anus repeatedly until I start to bleed?\n- If you don't have the basics down Julian, then of course, you are going to suck at GOLF.\n- OF course with that said my dad also beat and raped me as a kid, and I turned out okay.\n- Why am I so sad? (breaks down)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"JavaScript",
		"programming"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id288709455?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/44---JavaScript-id2852897-id288709455",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/xT9IgzoKnwFNmISR8I/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/xT9IgzoKnwFNmISR8I/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Android or iOS?"

- Are you a Steve Jobs fan boy, waiting for the day they resurrect his dead corpse from the grave.
- Maybe instead you're a Google Homeboy, and you solely watch porn on your Google Pixel.
- I really can't say that I care. I just have an android because it's cheap. In fact, I specifically got mine from China.
- It's just a phone people! 90% of the time you're just watching YouTube videos on it.
- Although I think it would be awesome to get addicted to one of those slot machine apps.
      
### the_topic

JavaScript

- JavaScript is a programming language.
- I'm a JavaScript developer, and it's my favourite language. People hate it, but I hate them.
- I like functional programming languages.
- You can do everything with JavaScript.
      
### the_viewermail

Julian Bailey from Mamoudzou, France.

"My dad beat and raped me as a child. Do you think that's why I'm so bad at golf?"

- There's probably a lot of reasons why you're bad at golf.
- I mean, for example, have you signed up to my $5,000 dollar course on golf basics? If not, then you're probably going to struggle with golf.
- Are you using Julius Reade signature golf clubs? If not, then of course you're going to be terrible at golf.
- I mean Julian, bro, are you even watching the Julius Reade sex tape where I make out with a golf club and shove it inside my anus repeatedly until I start to bleed?
- If you don't have the basics down Julian, then of course, you are going to suck at GOLF.
- OF course with that said my dad also beat and raped me as a kid, and I turned out okay.
- Why am I so sad? (breaks down)
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
