{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-45",
	"episode_number": 45,
	"slug": "ep-45-piano",
	"title": "#45 - Piano",
	"date": "2020-07-24T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-24T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: When is your favourite time of day to shower? 2. The Topic: I used to learn piano when I was much younger. 3. The Viewermail: It's not okay to kill immigrants, so please don't listen to this segment. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"When is your favourite time of day to shower?\"\n\n- Some people like to shower in the mornings. For reasons I cannot understand.\n- Some people on the other hand, consider themselves before bed cleaners, and will take a shower before le sleeping commences.\n- I personally only shower at my local gay sauna, you know, because no one likes a bit of cheese when they're going down on you.\n- I personally do it at night.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Piano\n\n- I was kind of forced into piano when I was six. (I hate it when parents try and make it like it's your idea)\n- It's like every asian parent's wet dream, because they wish they were great at piano.\n- I did like a year of lessons, then I told the teacher that I didn't want to do it, and my mother was super pissed off.\n- Then I kind of picked it up again when I was like in my early 20s.\n- But yeah, kind of traumatised by music and I feel like I've already explored it extensively.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Nuuk (Godthåb), Denmark",
			"notes": "Elizabeth Hall from Nuuk (Godthåb), Denmark.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Is it okay to kill immigrants? They smell funny, and I think it would make me more of a man.\"\n\n- Absolutely, it is totally fine to kill immigrants. But also, it's about being culturally sensitive.\n- Killing a Japanese man with a samurai sword for example, is blatatnt stereotyping.\n- You definitely don't want to kill an african man while in blackface and a tribal outfit with a spear.\n- I personally find the best way to kill immigrants is to stand at the shore, and when they come in on their lil' dingy's, just stomp em' with my camping boots. Stomp em'\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"music",
		"piano"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id288709700?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/45---Piano-id2852897-id288709700",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/26ueYwXr8iY9sodAQ/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/26ueYwXr8iY9sodAQ/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"When is your favourite time of day to shower?"

- Some people like to shower in the mornings. For reasons I cannot understand.
- Some people on the other hand, consider themselves before bed cleaners, and will take a shower before le sleeping commences.
- I personally only shower at my local gay sauna, you know, because no one likes a bit of cheese when they're going down on you.
- I personally do it at night.
      
### the_topic

Piano

- I was kind of forced into piano when I was six. (I hate it when parents try and make it like it's your idea)
- It's like every asian parent's wet dream, because they wish they were great at piano.
- I did like a year of lessons, then I told the teacher that I didn't want to do it, and my mother was super pissed off.
- Then I kind of picked it up again when I was like in my early 20s.
- But yeah, kind of traumatised by music and I feel like I've already explored it extensively.
      
### the_viewermail

Elizabeth Hall from Nuuk (Godthåb), Denmark.

"Hey Julius. Is it okay to kill immigrants? They smell funny, and I think it would make me more of a man."

- Absolutely, it is totally fine to kill immigrants. But also, it's about being culturally sensitive.
- Killing a Japanese man with a samurai sword for example, is blatatnt stereotyping.
- You definitely don't want to kill an african man while in blackface and a tribal outfit with a spear.
- I personally find the best way to kill immigrants is to stand at the shore, and when they come in on their lil' dingy's, just stomp em' with my camping boots. Stomp em'
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
