{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-46",
	"episode_number": 46,
	"slug": "ep-46-university",
	"title": "#46 - University",
	"date": "2020-07-27T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-27T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your favourite tree? 2. The Topic: I absolutely hated uni. 3. The Viewermail: . Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your favourite tree?\"\n\n- The only reason I ask this is because I asked a girl this once as a joke to flirt with her, and she took it seriously and actually had a heap of answers.\n- The point of this question is that no one should ever have a favourite tree.\n- Admitting that you like nature is lame.\n- On the other hand, admitting that you're addicted to porn or drugs, is in fact cool and highly recommended by The Reade.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "University\n\n- I hated university with a passion. I hated the people. I hated the culture. I hated going to lectures and learning.\n- To me it was a useless piece of paper that I needed in order to get a job. Not just useful, but expensive.\n- I went to no lectures. I did thee bare attendance for tutorials, which was 75%.\n- I think because I was pursuing podcasting and youtube at the time, and that's what I wanted my future to be.\n- I think also because I studied journalism and everyone was very stand offish.\n- I think I tried the debating club as well, but I absolutely hated it.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Derby, United Kingdom",
			"notes": "Samantha Lee from Derby, United Kingdom.\n\n\"I'm a real tubby bitch, and I have immense self-esteem issues as a result. I know this because I enjoy being spat on sexually. What should I do?\"\n\n- Well Samantha, weight loss is obviously never a bad thing for those in your situation.\n- I recommend maybe looking into anorexia. Because when you fear being overweight all the time, then there's no way you'll be fat again.\n- Of course, it's not really about how much you weigh or even what you look like.\n- It's about how you feel on the inside, which is why it's super important that you also develop a drug addiction. Drugs make everything better.\n- You never see a sad person on heroin. And if you do, then I promise it's all fake news.\n-\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"university",
		"education"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "46",
	"castboxLink": "46",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/uM9q2CaRkmVry/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/uM9q2CaRkmVry/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your favourite tree?"

- The only reason I ask this is because I asked a girl this once as a joke to flirt with her, and she took it seriously and actually had a heap of answers.
- The point of this question is that no one should ever have a favourite tree.
- Admitting that you like nature is lame.
- On the other hand, admitting that you're addicted to porn or drugs, is in fact cool and highly recommended by The Reade.
      
### the_topic

University

- I hated university with a passion. I hated the people. I hated the culture. I hated going to lectures and learning.
- To me it was a useless piece of paper that I needed in order to get a job. Not just useful, but expensive.
- I went to no lectures. I did thee bare attendance for tutorials, which was 75%.
- I think because I was pursuing podcasting and youtube at the time, and that's what I wanted my future to be.
- I think also because I studied journalism and everyone was very stand offish.
- I think I tried the debating club as well, but I absolutely hated it.
      
### the_viewermail

Samantha Lee from Derby, United Kingdom.

"I'm a real tubby bitch, and I have immense self-esteem issues as a result. I know this because I enjoy being spat on sexually. What should I do?"

- Well Samantha, weight loss is obviously never a bad thing for those in your situation.
- I recommend maybe looking into anorexia. Because when you fear being overweight all the time, then there's no way you'll be fat again.
- Of course, it's not really about how much you weigh or even what you look like.
- It's about how you feel on the inside, which is why it's super important that you also develop a drug addiction. Drugs make everything better.
- You never see a sad person on heroin. And if you do, then I promise it's all fake news.
-
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
