{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-47",
	"episode_number": 47,
	"slug": "ep-47-hot30-countdown",
	"title": "#47 - Hot30 Countdown",
	"date": "2020-07-28T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-28T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your favourite category of porn? 2. The Topic: A talk about a radio show from my youth. 3. The Viewermail: The condom broke. Run. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your favourite category of porn?\"\n\n- Maybe you love anal, because you're all about risky behaviour. Poo particles n' that kind of thing.\n- Are you a lover of interacial porn, because you're actually a white supremacist and it makes you feel all dirty inside?\n- I myself am a recovering porn addict, so this is a terrible question. But man, I love all porn. I could literally sit there and watch it for days at a time.\n- But instead, I'm stuck doing this show. Thank you for reminding me of my dull, though delicious reality.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Hot30 Countdown\n\n- Growing up when I was in like, late primary school, early primary school there was a radio show from like 6pm to 9pm or whatever it was. This was like 2004, at the very least.\n- And they'd play like all the radio hits from 30 to 1. Mainly, I really liked the main host. Who I think is still going.\n- Basically I'd listen to it while doing my homework.\n- But what I liked about listening to the radio is that it felt like a sense of community as a kid. This was before the internet was a huge, huge thing.\n- Anyway, that's all in the past. Now it's all about discord servers and gang bangs and whatever kids do these days.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Koror, Palau",
			"notes": "Joshua Torres from Koror, Palau.\n\n\"Dear Julius. I was having sex with my wife last night and I think the condom broke. I'm too afraid to tell her what happened. What should I do?\"\n\n- Okay, this a code red [play alarm sound effect]\n- You need to get the fuck out of there. Take a plane. Take a bus! Get as far a way as possible,\n- Change your name if at all possible. Plastic surgery? Get on it ASAP.\n- Have a think about how you want to live your new life. Do you want to become a plumber?\n- And you know, The Writer's Daily are also accepting a new batch of interns, so if you'd like to move over to Sunny Australia, I've got a place waiting for you inside my heart.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"radio",
		"radio show"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id289335283?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/47---Hot30-Countdown-id2852897-id289335283",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/ER9ew0BbQGCDC/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/ER9ew0BbQGCDC/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your favourite category of porn?"

- Maybe you love anal, because you're all about risky behaviour. Poo particles n' that kind of thing.
- Are you a lover of interacial porn, because you're actually a white supremacist and it makes you feel all dirty inside?
- I myself am a recovering porn addict, so this is a terrible question. But man, I love all porn. I could literally sit there and watch it for days at a time.
- But instead, I'm stuck doing this show. Thank you for reminding me of my dull, though delicious reality.
      
### the_topic

Hot30 Countdown

- Growing up when I was in like, late primary school, early primary school there was a radio show from like 6pm to 9pm or whatever it was. This was like 2004, at the very least.
- And they'd play like all the radio hits from 30 to 1. Mainly, I really liked the main host. Who I think is still going.
- Basically I'd listen to it while doing my homework.
- But what I liked about listening to the radio is that it felt like a sense of community as a kid. This was before the internet was a huge, huge thing.
- Anyway, that's all in the past. Now it's all about discord servers and gang bangs and whatever kids do these days.
      
### the_viewermail

Joshua Torres from Koror, Palau.

"Dear Julius. I was having sex with my wife last night and I think the condom broke. I'm too afraid to tell her what happened. What should I do?"

- Okay, this a code red [play alarm sound effect]
- You need to get the fuck out of there. Take a plane. Take a bus! Get as far a way as possible,
- Change your name if at all possible. Plastic surgery? Get on it ASAP.
- Have a think about how you want to live your new life. Do you want to become a plumber?
- And you know, The Writer's Daily are also accepting a new batch of interns, so if you'd like to move over to Sunny Australia, I've got a place waiting for you inside my heart.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
