{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-48",
	"episode_number": 48,
	"slug": "ep-48-25i-nbome",
	"title": "#48 - 25I-NBOMe",
	"date": "2020-07-29T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-29T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What turns you off? 2. The Topic: I talk about a drug I took in my 20s. 3. The Viewermail: Why won't the bleeding stop! Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What turns you off?\"\n\n- Maybe you don't like people who smoke? Maybe that's a huge turn off for you.\n- Maybe you hate people who think they're smart, but aren't actually smart. You know, like me.\n- Maybe you hate people like me. I don't blame you, as what seems to be a growing minority in the world.\n- Personally I can't stand racist and aggressive people. That's a huge turn off.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "25I-NBOMe\n\n- Today I'm talking about a psychodelic that I took a lot of\n- Personally speaking, I have no idea how my brain hasn't been fried yet. I was taking it like once every week, two weeks.\n- It's basically a research chemical. It was super cheap, basically.\n- Explain what it's like (to be on it).\n- Explain how I had the freakout.\n- Now it's all about LSD.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Denpasar, Indonesia",
			"notes": "Layla Morris from Denpasar, Indonesia.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Lovin' the show. I'm currently bleeding profusely on the side of the street, with a knife firmly lodged inside my chest. Is this normal?\"\n\n- Well Layla, normal is just a label, so I don't care if people are staring and judging you on the street, or if your doctor is telling you that you're in dire need of medical attention.\n- Fact is, that they're just jealous of how truly unique you and your situation is. They want what you have, and they'll stop at nothing to get it.\n- And you know what I say!? Let them judge. Let them throw you onto a stretcher and take you to hospital.\n- Because nothing, and I mean nothing. Will ever take away the spirit that is your heart!\n- But in all seriousness, that is not normal and you are actually dying horribly.\n- But you know, if you happen to make it through this difficult ordeal, then give The Reade a call. I'll be waiting, my darling sweetheart.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"drugs",
		"psychedelics"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "48",
	"castboxLink": "48",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/iNxPKtirsyM80/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/iNxPKtirsyM80/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What turns you off?"

- Maybe you don't like people who smoke? Maybe that's a huge turn off for you.
- Maybe you hate people who think they're smart, but aren't actually smart. You know, like me.
- Maybe you hate people like me. I don't blame you, as what seems to be a growing minority in the world.
- Personally I can't stand racist and aggressive people. That's a huge turn off.
      
### the_topic

25I-NBOMe

- Today I'm talking about a psychodelic that I took a lot of
- Personally speaking, I have no idea how my brain hasn't been fried yet. I was taking it like once every week, two weeks.
- It's basically a research chemical. It was super cheap, basically.
- Explain what it's like (to be on it).
- Explain how I had the freakout.
- Now it's all about LSD.
      
### the_viewermail

Layla Morris from Denpasar, Indonesia.

"Hey Julius. Lovin' the show. I'm currently bleeding profusely on the side of the street, with a knife firmly lodged inside my chest. Is this normal?"

- Well Layla, normal is just a label, so I don't care if people are staring and judging you on the street, or if your doctor is telling you that you're in dire need of medical attention.
- Fact is, that they're just jealous of how truly unique you and your situation is. They want what you have, and they'll stop at nothing to get it.
- And you know what I say!? Let them judge. Let them throw you onto a stretcher and take you to hospital.
- Because nothing, and I mean nothing. Will ever take away the spirit that is your heart!
- But in all seriousness, that is not normal and you are actually dying horribly.
- But you know, if you happen to make it through this difficult ordeal, then give The Reade a call. I'll be waiting, my darling sweetheart.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
