{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-49",
	"episode_number": 49,
	"slug": "ep-49-call-centre",
	"title": "#49 - Call Centre",
	"date": "2020-07-30T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-30T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What subject were you worst at in school? 2. The Topic: I used to work at a call centre. 3. The Viewermail: A pedophile who's afraid of children. How niche. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What subject were you worst at in school?\"\n\n- Are you a self-proclaimed math-tard? Do you struggle with the math?\n- Perhaps you're one of those asian kids who gets confused when staring at english letters, because it ain't kanji, amirite!?!\n- I was really bad at English, Chinese, you name it. I was wasn't great at high school, but look at me now!?!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Call Centre\n\n- Coming out of uni I knew nothing about jobs. Like, literally nothing.\n- So I applied for a heap of jobs and this call centre company got back.\n- I remember it was a group interview.\n- Anyway, it was selling government funded education over the phone. Cold calling like 300 people a day.\n- Basically it was calling vulnerable people. Man, the company was completely full of scumbags. But man, you meet some really great sales people.\n- Everyone was like chain smoking. There was this guy who had like meth teeth from drinking too much coke, who was also hitting on me mind you, he went postal and sent out a mass email to everyone.\n- I lasted 5 weeks, it was seriously the most depressing and stressful job I've ever had.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Kiruna, Sweden",
			"notes": "Natalie Collins from Kiruna, Sweden.\n\n\"I'm thinking of becoming a pedophile, but I'm afraid of kids. What do you think I should do, I really don't feel like becoming an accountant instead.\"\n\n- Well listen, it's undeniable that accountants get all the pussy, but if you're really keen about having sex with kids then I guess you just do what you have to do.\n- As a former pedophile hunter back in the late 50s' I can at least teach you the basics so good ol' readie boy doesn't go out and catch you.\n- For starters, listening to Michael Jackson is a dead giveaway that you're a pedophile, so try and listen more to nursery rhymes and hip-hop, because that's what the youngins are into.\n- Definitely don't hang around kindergartens, because it's much easier to pray on children online.\n- But hey, why no both be an accountant at a pedophile!? It's the best of both worlds. You get to work on spreadsheets all day, then you get to grab children when you shouldn't!? It's a win-win!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"work",
		"call centre"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id292400071?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/49---Call-Centre-id2852897-id292400071",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/3o7TKJLO3D4kUgpa6I/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/3o7TKJLO3D4kUgpa6I/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What subject were you worst at in school?"

- Are you a self-proclaimed math-tard? Do you struggle with the math?
- Perhaps you're one of those asian kids who gets confused when staring at english letters, because it ain't kanji, amirite!?!
- I was really bad at English, Chinese, you name it. I was wasn't great at high school, but look at me now!?!
      
### the_topic

Call Centre

- Coming out of uni I knew nothing about jobs. Like, literally nothing.
- So I applied for a heap of jobs and this call centre company got back.
- I remember it was a group interview.
- Anyway, it was selling government funded education over the phone. Cold calling like 300 people a day.
- Basically it was calling vulnerable people. Man, the company was completely full of scumbags. But man, you meet some really great sales people.
- Everyone was like chain smoking. There was this guy who had like meth teeth from drinking too much coke, who was also hitting on me mind you, he went postal and sent out a mass email to everyone.
- I lasted 5 weeks, it was seriously the most depressing and stressful job I've ever had.
      
### the_viewermail

Natalie Collins from Kiruna, Sweden.

"I'm thinking of becoming a pedophile, but I'm afraid of kids. What do you think I should do, I really don't feel like becoming an accountant instead."

- Well listen, it's undeniable that accountants get all the pussy, but if you're really keen about having sex with kids then I guess you just do what you have to do.
- As a former pedophile hunter back in the late 50s' I can at least teach you the basics so good ol' readie boy doesn't go out and catch you.
- For starters, listening to Michael Jackson is a dead giveaway that you're a pedophile, so try and listen more to nursery rhymes and hip-hop, because that's what the youngins are into.
- Definitely don't hang around kindergartens, because it's much easier to pray on children online.
- But hey, why no both be an accountant at a pedophile!? It's the best of both worlds. You get to work on spreadsheets all day, then you get to grab children when you shouldn't!? It's a win-win!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
