{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-50",
	"episode_number": 50,
	"slug": "ep-50-william-s.-burroughs",
	"title": "#50 - William S. Burroughs",
	"date": "2020-07-31T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-31T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Where do you eat dinner? 2. The Topic: I chat about my favourite writer William S. Burroughs. 3. The Viewermail: I help assist the process of terrorism. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "It's the 50th episode!\n\n\"Where do you eat dinner?\"\n\n- Are you part of some traditional American nuclear family whom eats dinner at the dinner table, with dad at the head of the table. Spouting about how much he loves Reagan.\n- Perhaps you ate dinner alone, curled up at your desk in the lonely shadow that is your own introversion.\n- When I was younger I used to eat at my desk, because I grew up in a broken family. Now that I have my partner however, it's table time every time baby!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "William S. Burroughs\n\n- William S. Burroughs is a writer.\n- He comes from the beat generation.\n- He wrote my favourite book of all time, Naked Lunch. Which is actually a terrible book in a lot of ways, but I think reading it as a young adult was kind of exhilirating.\n- It's just a lot of attitude and it was very abstract. I liked how non-linear it was. That to me was exciting.\n- My novel which I'm writing at the moment, How to kill a chinaman, was initially inspired by naked lunch. I tried to write it like naked lunch, but I didn't get very far.\n- In the end it was a lot more narrative driven, but I'm very happy with how it's turning out. It's like, half attitude. Half comprehensible fun.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Nagoya, Japan",
			"notes": "Evelyn Cook from Nagoya, Japan.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Loving the show. I recently join the taliban, largely because they offer a decent healthcare plan. However I've never killed anyone before. Do you have any tips on how best to kill western scum?\"\n\n- Headshots obvious are very important for a clean kill.\n- Light-skinned people are probably who you're looking to kill.\n- Definitely you're not hearing frequently Allah's then it's likely they're an infidel and deserve at least to have their throats slit on live broadcast.\n- AND If they're not wearing a turban, then you're probably safe to pull the trigger.\n- Of course, as with any career in life, as long as you're fun doing what you do, then that's all that really matters.\n- If you love killing white people, then good for you. I have the same passion for blowing white people. Of course sexually, not with a car bomb.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"writer",
		"author"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "50",
	"castboxLink": "50",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/yw9tngN9gGxI4/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/yw9tngN9gGxI4/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

It's the 50th episode!

"Where do you eat dinner?"

- Are you part of some traditional American nuclear family whom eats dinner at the dinner table, with dad at the head of the table. Spouting about how much he loves Reagan.
- Perhaps you ate dinner alone, curled up at your desk in the lonely shadow that is your own introversion.
- When I was younger I used to eat at my desk, because I grew up in a broken family. Now that I have my partner however, it's table time every time baby!
      
### the_topic

William S. Burroughs

- William S. Burroughs is a writer.
- He comes from the beat generation.
- He wrote my favourite book of all time, Naked Lunch. Which is actually a terrible book in a lot of ways, but I think reading it as a young adult was kind of exhilirating.
- It's just a lot of attitude and it was very abstract. I liked how non-linear it was. That to me was exciting.
- My novel which I'm writing at the moment, How to kill a chinaman, was initially inspired by naked lunch. I tried to write it like naked lunch, but I didn't get very far.
- In the end it was a lot more narrative driven, but I'm very happy with how it's turning out. It's like, half attitude. Half comprehensible fun.
      
### the_viewermail

Evelyn Cook from Nagoya, Japan.

"Hey Julius. Loving the show. I recently join the taliban, largely because they offer a decent healthcare plan. However I've never killed anyone before. Do you have any tips on how best to kill western scum?"

- Headshots obvious are very important for a clean kill.
- Light-skinned people are probably who you're looking to kill.
- Definitely you're not hearing frequently Allah's then it's likely they're an infidel and deserve at least to have their throats slit on live broadcast.
- AND If they're not wearing a turban, then you're probably safe to pull the trigger.
- Of course, as with any career in life, as long as you're fun doing what you do, then that's all that really matters.
- If you love killing white people, then good for you. I have the same passion for blowing white people. Of course sexually, not with a car bomb.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
