{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-51",
	"episode_number": 51,
	"slug": "ep-51-mcdonalds",
	"title": "#51 - McDonald's",
	"date": "2020-08-03T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-03T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you still read books? 2. The Topic: My first job was a Maccas. 3. The Viewermail: I've been a very naughty boy. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you still read books?\"\n\n- Are you a book worm!? Do you wear glasses and look a bit like Harry Potter!?!?\n- Maybe instead you have the attention span of a spider, and you simply cannot stand anything more than a standard 280 characters.\n- I personally do a lot of reading, but not books. I simply don't have the time.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "McDonalds\n\n- It was my first proper job. I was 19.\n- I worked the front counter. Maybe because I was articulate. I have no idea.\n- I think I didn't mind it because in general it went really quickly.\n- I remember trying to hit on the boss's sister.\n- I also caused another girl, who mind you was the most popular person in high school, to quit her job following a very severe case of online bullying.\n- I also remember sitting on the bus with this guy who also wore the maccas outfit, and he's like where do you work, and I'm like at the mall McDonalds and he's like, yeah that's great experience for when you eventually move to a restaurant and I'm like, hell no!\n- You also got 50% off your order if you bought something before or after your shift\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Santa Clause from The North Pole\n\n\"Hi Julius. It's Santa Clause here. You've been a very naughty boy this year. There's no possible way you're getting a present this year.\"\n\n- Well, well, well. If it isn't santa clause, that slut!\n- I guess since you're not going to get me anything this year, I'm just going to push this disabled lady off her wheelchair and shoot her in the head.\n- And while I'm at it, why don't I just step on this small defenseless child. (play child crying sound effect)\n- And you know what, I'm going to have sex with Mrs. Clause (simulate me having sex with Mrs. Clause) (Christmas music)\n- Oh, and I killed all your reindeers as well.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"McDonalds",
		"job"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "51",
	"castboxLink": "51",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/m6tNZJt9cG3ss/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/m6tNZJt9cG3ss/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you still read books?"

- Are you a book worm!? Do you wear glasses and look a bit like Harry Potter!?!?
- Maybe instead you have the attention span of a spider, and you simply cannot stand anything more than a standard 280 characters.
- I personally do a lot of reading, but not books. I simply don't have the time.
      
### the_topic

McDonalds

- It was my first proper job. I was 19.
- I worked the front counter. Maybe because I was articulate. I have no idea.
- I think I didn't mind it because in general it went really quickly.
- I remember trying to hit on the boss's sister.
- I also caused another girl, who mind you was the most popular person in high school, to quit her job following a very severe case of online bullying.
- I also remember sitting on the bus with this guy who also wore the maccas outfit, and he's like where do you work, and I'm like at the mall McDonalds and he's like, yeah that's great experience for when you eventually move to a restaurant and I'm like, hell no!
- You also got 50% off your order if you bought something before or after your shift
      
### the_viewermail

Santa Clause from The North Pole

"Hi Julius. It's Santa Clause here. You've been a very naughty boy this year. There's no possible way you're getting a present this year."

- Well, well, well. If it isn't santa clause, that slut!
- I guess since you're not going to get me anything this year, I'm just going to push this disabled lady off her wheelchair and shoot her in the head.
- And while I'm at it, why don't I just step on this small defenseless child. (play child crying sound effect)
- And you know what, I'm going to have sex with Mrs. Clause (simulate me having sex with Mrs. Clause) (Christmas music)
- Oh, and I killed all your reindeers as well.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
