{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-52",
	"episode_number": 52,
	"slug": "ep-52-game-boy-color",
	"title": "#52 - Game Boy Color",
	"date": "2020-08-04T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-04T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you play a musical instrument? 2. The Topic: I return to the 8-bit era of the Game Boy. 3. The Viewermail: The sexual assault of a viscous turkey. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you play a musical instrument?\"\n\n- Are you currently making out with an electric guitar, as the sexual deviant you are.\n- I know that the trumpet is a popular instrument for absolutely nobody.\n- I was kind of forced into a few instruments. I played the saxophone for like 8 years, clarinet, piano, guitar.\n- But yeah, now most my time is instead spent masturbating and online bullying.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Game Boy Color\n\n- Here's the preface to the GameBoy Color. (explain story about stealing it)\n- Eventually I got one. It was purple. I think I only ever had one game officially. Donkey Kong Country (that game was hard)\n- I remember also borrowing super mario bros Deluxe from a friend.\n- I remember playing my friend's Pokemon Yellow. (explain story about how you were fighting Onyx).\n- I remember also staying up late playing my game boy colour (had to have the lamp on).\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Hangzhou,China",
			"notes": "Daniel Moore from Hangzhou,China.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I was visciously raped by a turkey when I was three years old. I now can only have sex with women who vaguely resemble birds. Help me Doctor Reade!\"\n\n- Firstly, I think there's nothing wrong with women who have beaks and wings, I mean there's nothing wrong with chicks who have vaginas with big flaps.\n- I mean, I would totally have sex with big bird from sesame street.\n- As long as you're not eating chicken while having sex with these women, then you know, you do you.\n- I personally have been known to deep-throat eggs for sexual purposes, so I'm totally down.\n- In fact, I'm currently blowing an albatross right now. (play duck sound effect)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"Game Boy",
		"videogames"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "52",
	"castboxLink": "52",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/YE7wHMO72NthS/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/YE7wHMO72NthS/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you play a musical instrument?"

- Are you currently making out with an electric guitar, as the sexual deviant you are.
- I know that the trumpet is a popular instrument for absolutely nobody.
- I was kind of forced into a few instruments. I played the saxophone for like 8 years, clarinet, piano, guitar.
- But yeah, now most my time is instead spent masturbating and online bullying.
      
### the_topic

Game Boy Color

- Here's the preface to the GameBoy Color. (explain story about stealing it)
- Eventually I got one. It was purple. I think I only ever had one game officially. Donkey Kong Country (that game was hard)
- I remember also borrowing super mario bros Deluxe from a friend.
- I remember playing my friend's Pokemon Yellow. (explain story about how you were fighting Onyx).
- I remember also staying up late playing my game boy colour (had to have the lamp on).
      
### the_viewermail

Daniel Moore from Hangzhou,China.

"Hey Julius. I was visciously raped by a turkey when I was three years old. I now can only have sex with women who vaguely resemble birds. Help me Doctor Reade!"

- Firstly, I think there's nothing wrong with women who have beaks and wings, I mean there's nothing wrong with chicks who have vaginas with big flaps.
- I mean, I would totally have sex with big bird from sesame street.
- As long as you're not eating chicken while having sex with these women, then you know, you do you.
- I personally have been known to deep-throat eggs for sexual purposes, so I'm totally down.
- In fact, I'm currently blowing an albatross right now. (play duck sound effect)
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
