{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-53",
	"episode_number": 53,
	"slug": "ep-53-tumblr",
	"title": "#53 - Tumblr",
	"date": "2020-08-05T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-05T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your favourite dish to cook? 2. The Topic: I talk about the Tumblr. 3. The Viewermail: Is it gay sex? Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your favourite dish to cook?\"\n\n- Is it something crazy complex like an Indian biryani.\n- Toast obviously is a staple of the western world that anyone can cook.\n- I personally like to cook Chinese dishes, but definitely pasta is probably my favourite thing to make. Actually scrap that, Laksa is easily my favourite noodle disk to make.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Tumblr\n\n- I think of all the topics to talk about, this one makes me most uncomfortable.\n- Probably because it was when I was most unstable with my mental health.\n- I think I hit 19 and I don't know why but like out of nowhere I was like, I need to find a girlfriend.\n- So I thought I'd go on tumblr because I knew that's where women would hang out. I had a blog.\n- In the beginning I was getting nowhere.\n- Then it kind of become an obsession and I would spend hours on tumblr trying to find women who lived in melbourne and my area.\n- Yeah, I ended up interacting with a lot of girls, almost like experiencing every possible scenario of both like, rejection and success.\n- And man, I briefly went out with this 36 year old that I was not into at all, but I was like dying of loneliness.\n- ultimately I had like 5 or 6 blogs and it was destroying me. Like dealing with the breakups and the rejection and one day I was like, I just need to stop trying to find women and just focus on myself.\n- But there was one girl who was really nice but she said she was already in a relationship, so I basically dismissed her.\n- And I was like, you know, I'll add you on facebook because I could at least see her as being a friend. And within 5 minutes of chatting, I knew instantly that we would be in a long term relationship.\n- And here we are.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Bratsk, Russia",
			"notes": "Gabriel Rodriguez from Bratsk, Russia.\n\n\"My sister is a bitch. She makes my life miserable and continually teases me. That's why I've decided to kill her. What are some creative ways I can end her life?\"\n\n- Gee well you know, your sister does sound like a bit of a bitch.\n- Having killed all of my sisters, allowing me to reign supreme as the only remaining sibling left there's a few ways you can approach this.\n- I personally went the koolaid route. I spiked their milk with cyanide that morning and let's say that their cereal was a little more milky than usual.\n- Oh course one of them managed to survive, so I had to shoot her in the pussy and watch her bleed for days on end until she finally passed out.\n- Maybe you can her tampon with some C4, and then during gym class blow her up in front of all the other kids.\n- Or maybe alternatively you can be less shit and learn to tease her back, ya lil' pussy. You worthless piece of shit!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"Tumblr",
		"dating"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "53",
	"castboxLink": "53",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/4KMlwaKfznhM4/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/4KMlwaKfznhM4/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your favourite dish to cook?"

- Is it something crazy complex like an Indian biryani.
- Toast obviously is a staple of the western world that anyone can cook.
- I personally like to cook Chinese dishes, but definitely pasta is probably my favourite thing to make. Actually scrap that, Laksa is easily my favourite noodle disk to make.
      
### the_topic

Tumblr

- I think of all the topics to talk about, this one makes me most uncomfortable.
- Probably because it was when I was most unstable with my mental health.
- I think I hit 19 and I don't know why but like out of nowhere I was like, I need to find a girlfriend.
- So I thought I'd go on tumblr because I knew that's where women would hang out. I had a blog.
- In the beginning I was getting nowhere.
- Then it kind of become an obsession and I would spend hours on tumblr trying to find women who lived in melbourne and my area.
- Yeah, I ended up interacting with a lot of girls, almost like experiencing every possible scenario of both like, rejection and success.
- And man, I briefly went out with this 36 year old that I was not into at all, but I was like dying of loneliness.
- ultimately I had like 5 or 6 blogs and it was destroying me. Like dealing with the breakups and the rejection and one day I was like, I just need to stop trying to find women and just focus on myself.
- But there was one girl who was really nice but she said she was already in a relationship, so I basically dismissed her.
- And I was like, you know, I'll add you on facebook because I could at least see her as being a friend. And within 5 minutes of chatting, I knew instantly that we would be in a long term relationship.
- And here we are.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabriel Rodriguez from Bratsk, Russia.

"My sister is a bitch. She makes my life miserable and continually teases me. That's why I've decided to kill her. What are some creative ways I can end her life?"

- Gee well you know, your sister does sound like a bit of a bitch.
- Having killed all of my sisters, allowing me to reign supreme as the only remaining sibling left there's a few ways you can approach this.
- I personally went the koolaid route. I spiked their milk with cyanide that morning and let's say that their cereal was a little more milky than usual.
- Oh course one of them managed to survive, so I had to shoot her in the pussy and watch her bleed for days on end until she finally passed out.
- Maybe you can her tampon with some C4, and then during gym class blow her up in front of all the other kids.
- Or maybe alternatively you can be less shit and learn to tease her back, ya lil' pussy. You worthless piece of shit!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
