{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-54",
	"episode_number": 54,
	"slug": "ep-54-macbook",
	"title": "#54 - Macbook",
	"date": "2020-08-06T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-06T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What was the best holiday you ever went on? 2. The Topic: I talk about my first laptop, the Macbook. 3. The Viewermail: The keyboard has cancer. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What was the best holiday you ever went on?\"\n\n- I know a lot of families like to go camping during the summer holidays. Road trips gallore.\n- Maybe your idea of holiday was the period between 6 and 11am where your dad wouldn't beat you each day because he was passed out from a night of drinking.\n- I don't know actually, but I think when I went to noosa as a kid with my mother. That's a memorable one.\n- But gee, I've been a lot of places. Europe was pretty good. China. But yeah, I'm not sure. They didn't really seem like holidays to me, they felt more like obligations.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Macbook\n\n- I was late to the laptop game. I got my 1st laptop when I was 20 or 21 I think?\n- But I'd never had or used a mac up until then, but it was the tiny 11 inch macbook air. And wow, I instantly fell in love with it.\n- It was like, holy shit. I can use my computer anywhere. On the train. On my bed.\n- But I don't know, it was a bit of a magic experience. Up until then I was basically using my phone for everything.\n- Luckily enough it turns out that you can also develop on a macbook much more easily than with a windows laptop. So if I didn't get one, I probably woud have never become a professional developer.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Balikpapan, Indonesia",
			"notes": "Khloe Evans from Balikpapan, Indonesia.\n\n\"I think my Razer BlackWidow keyboard has cancer. How should I spend my last moments with my favourite computer peripheral?\"\n\n- I understand Khloe that it must be a very difficult time for you and your family.\n- Really it's about developing some solid and sincere memories with your keyboard until it eventually passes away.\n- Personally I very much like to interact with my keyboard, primarily with my left hand while I was watching porn and jerking my penis with my right hand.\n- First step is to remove any unpleasant memories. Especially any touch screens you have around the house, obviously reminding your keyboard of it's obsolescence.\n- Maybe together you could set a new world record in terms of the longest consecutive minutes typed on a keyboard? I imagine that would be a powerful bonding experience.\n- Maybe you could type a full sentence using only CAPS Lock, I imagine that would be an eclectic experience for your keyboard.\n- Maybe you could pay a stripper to potentially motorboat your keyboard. You know, live it up, a little.\n- A very sad viewermail.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"Macbook",
		"laptop"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id293645412?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/54---Macbook-id2852897-id293645412",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/l0Hly3u4SUsABWzuM/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/l0Hly3u4SUsABWzuM/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What was the best holiday you ever went on?"

- I know a lot of families like to go camping during the summer holidays. Road trips gallore.
- Maybe your idea of holiday was the period between 6 and 11am where your dad wouldn't beat you each day because he was passed out from a night of drinking.
- I don't know actually, but I think when I went to noosa as a kid with my mother. That's a memorable one.
- But gee, I've been a lot of places. Europe was pretty good. China. But yeah, I'm not sure. They didn't really seem like holidays to me, they felt more like obligations.
      
### the_topic

Macbook

- I was late to the laptop game. I got my 1st laptop when I was 20 or 21 I think?
- But I'd never had or used a mac up until then, but it was the tiny 11 inch macbook air. And wow, I instantly fell in love with it.
- It was like, holy shit. I can use my computer anywhere. On the train. On my bed.
- But I don't know, it was a bit of a magic experience. Up until then I was basically using my phone for everything.
- Luckily enough it turns out that you can also develop on a macbook much more easily than with a windows laptop. So if I didn't get one, I probably woud have never become a professional developer.
      
### the_viewermail

Khloe Evans from Balikpapan, Indonesia.

"I think my Razer BlackWidow keyboard has cancer. How should I spend my last moments with my favourite computer peripheral?"

- I understand Khloe that it must be a very difficult time for you and your family.
- Really it's about developing some solid and sincere memories with your keyboard until it eventually passes away.
- Personally I very much like to interact with my keyboard, primarily with my left hand while I was watching porn and jerking my penis with my right hand.
- First step is to remove any unpleasant memories. Especially any touch screens you have around the house, obviously reminding your keyboard of it's obsolescence.
- Maybe together you could set a new world record in terms of the longest consecutive minutes typed on a keyboard? I imagine that would be a powerful bonding experience.
- Maybe you could type a full sentence using only CAPS Lock, I imagine that would be an eclectic experience for your keyboard.
- Maybe you could pay a stripper to potentially motorboat your keyboard. You know, live it up, a little.
- A very sad viewermail.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
