{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-55",
	"episode_number": 55,
	"slug": "ep-55-facebook",
	"title": "#55 - Facebook",
	"date": "2020-08-07T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-07T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you easily remember other people's names? 2. The Topic: What's the deal with Incels? AMIRITE? 3. The Viewermail: The current going rate for a dick pic. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you easily remember other people's names?\"\n\n- Are you one of those photographic wizards? Maybe you're a pedophile you can remember all your victim's names?\n- Perhaps you have the memory of a goldfish, and you can't remember anything at all.\n- In my case, I'm terrible with names, but I'm really good with faces.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Facebook\n\n- I technically came to facebook later than a lot of people, but also in a way a lot . I was still using myspace and then I decided to create\n- I remember when Facebook was about games and surveys. There was a game called Crazy Taxi that my friend kept beating me at. I also made a survey called \"Which 2nd generation pokemon are you not\".\n- I think because of my bipolar, but I kind of ended up deleting everyone. Social media just really affected my mental health, so that was my way of dealing with it.\n- As of current day, I've removed absolutely everything from my feed and I basically just chat to like, literally one person. James Logan Mathews. How are you doing.\n- Yeah, I spend much more time on discord and reddit these days. And you know, just focusing on myself and not really caring about expressing my life to others other than how I see fit, like through this podcast.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Leicester, United Kingdom",
			"notes": "Hailey Gonzalez from Leicester, United Kingdom.\n\n\"Hey Julius. What is the current market rate for a Julius Reade dick pic? I'm craving a bit of that Reade cock.\"\n\n- Well thank you Hailey. That is, assuming you're over 18 and are in fact a hot woman, as is the case for 90% of my fanbase.\n- For $30 you get both a profile and side view picture of my penis. Talk about high demand.\n- For an extra $20 I'll dress up my penis in a mini santa's hat.\n- For $100 I will even black-face my penis with actual road bitumen, stolen from a nearby highway.\n- For $200 I'll let you even take a picture of my penis in person, and for $20,000 I will even do a heil hitler salute in the dic pic, which should cover defamation and job loss liabilities.\n- Of course, what I will say is that a picture will never compare to the real thing, which is why I also offer guided tours of my penis. You can touch it. Mock it. Whatever you please. It's $5 entry and only open on Fridays.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"facebook",
		"social media"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id293646175?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/55---Facebook-id2852897-id293646175",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/3orieM0oTwZ2a3VXVu/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/3orieM0oTwZ2a3VXVu/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you easily remember other people's names?"

- Are you one of those photographic wizards? Maybe you're a pedophile you can remember all your victim's names?
- Perhaps you have the memory of a goldfish, and you can't remember anything at all.
- In my case, I'm terrible with names, but I'm really good with faces.
      
### the_topic

Facebook

- I technically came to facebook later than a lot of people, but also in a way a lot . I was still using myspace and then I decided to create
- I remember when Facebook was about games and surveys. There was a game called Crazy Taxi that my friend kept beating me at. I also made a survey called "Which 2nd generation pokemon are you not".
- I think because of my bipolar, but I kind of ended up deleting everyone. Social media just really affected my mental health, so that was my way of dealing with it.
- As of current day, I've removed absolutely everything from my feed and I basically just chat to like, literally one person. James Logan Mathews. How are you doing.
- Yeah, I spend much more time on discord and reddit these days. And you know, just focusing on myself and not really caring about expressing my life to others other than how I see fit, like through this podcast.
      
### the_viewermail

Hailey Gonzalez from Leicester, United Kingdom.

"Hey Julius. What is the current market rate for a Julius Reade dick pic? I'm craving a bit of that Reade cock."

- Well thank you Hailey. That is, assuming you're over 18 and are in fact a hot woman, as is the case for 90% of my fanbase.
- For $30 you get both a profile and side view picture of my penis. Talk about high demand.
- For an extra $20 I'll dress up my penis in a mini santa's hat.
- For $100 I will even black-face my penis with actual road bitumen, stolen from a nearby highway.
- For $200 I'll let you even take a picture of my penis in person, and for $20,000 I will even do a heil hitler salute in the dic pic, which should cover defamation and job loss liabilities.
- Of course, what I will say is that a picture will never compare to the real thing, which is why I also offer guided tours of my penis. You can touch it. Mock it. Whatever you please. It's $5 entry and only open on Fridays.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
