{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-56",
	"episode_number": 56,
	"slug": "ep-56-the-simpsons",
	"title": "#56 - The Simpsons",
	"date": "2020-08-10T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-10T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you care about self-improvement? 2. The Topic: It's The Simpsons BBY! 3. The Viewermail: Yes, you should definitely have sex with other people. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you care about self-improvement?\"\n\n- Are you obsessed with growth? Maximising your potential as an individual? Unlocking that third eye!?\n- Maybe instead your dream is to eventually morph into a potato, and be dipped into a tub of gravy, to be consumed at a later date.\n- I'm pretty obsessed with self-improvement and bettering myself (explain)\n    "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "The Simpsons\n\n- I was born in 1993 so I basically grew up in the heyday of the simpsons.\n- I remember watching it everynight after or during dinner and yeah, it was just a great shop. It was on at like 5pm or 6pm, I don't remember.\n- In a sense as a kid it kind of was the best show. Like, you had cartoons like arthur and and they were great, but it just wasn't as good.\n- I think it's also that thing which almost everyone watched, so it was like something that everyone had in common.\n- It's crazy to see new episodes because they're so, so well produced it's crazy.\n- With that said, I think sort of The Simpsons worked in the 90s. Now it's a lot less relevant.\n- I can't stand people who are obsessed with The Simpsons though.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain",
			"notes": "Tiffany Brooks from Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain.\n\n\"Hey Julius, my fellow convicted pedophile. I have difficulty getting it up during sex, and that bothers me. Should I begin having sex with actual people instead?\"\n\n- I mean, uh. Definitely having sex with actual people is the preferred way to go about sex in general.\n- But the good news however is that Julius Reade is a qualified therapist (not actually a therapist) so I'm more than happy to help psycho analyse your obvious mental illness.\n- Let's see here, according to my big book of TRUTH based on what you've said, it looks like you have a severe case of beastiality!\n- And according to this quite large and therefore official book, it looks like the only cure is in fact to have sex with me, Julius Reade.\n- (assuming of course you are in fact a woman, and you don't have one of those man faces, because I won't be able to cum if you have a man face)\n- We can start out easy. I can dress up as a goat. I can use actual severed goat hooves to touch your breasts.\n- Then eventually after day 200, you should be cured of all indecent fetishes, as well as an official carrier of more than 25 known STD's.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"The Simpsons",
		"TV shows"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id293950152?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/56---The-Simpsons-id2852897-id293950152",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/jUwpNzg9IcyrK/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/jUwpNzg9IcyrK/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you care about self-improvement?"

- Are you obsessed with growth? Maximising your potential as an individual? Unlocking that third eye!?
- Maybe instead your dream is to eventually morph into a potato, and be dipped into a tub of gravy, to be consumed at a later date.
- I'm pretty obsessed with self-improvement and bettering myself (explain)
    
### the_topic

The Simpsons

- I was born in 1993 so I basically grew up in the heyday of the simpsons.
- I remember watching it everynight after or during dinner and yeah, it was just a great shop. It was on at like 5pm or 6pm, I don't remember.
- In a sense as a kid it kind of was the best show. Like, you had cartoons like arthur and and they were great, but it just wasn't as good.
- I think it's also that thing which almost everyone watched, so it was like something that everyone had in common.
- It's crazy to see new episodes because they're so, so well produced it's crazy.
- With that said, I think sort of The Simpsons worked in the 90s. Now it's a lot less relevant.
- I can't stand people who are obsessed with The Simpsons though.
      
### the_viewermail

Tiffany Brooks from Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain.

"Hey Julius, my fellow convicted pedophile. I have difficulty getting it up during sex, and that bothers me. Should I begin having sex with actual people instead?"

- I mean, uh. Definitely having sex with actual people is the preferred way to go about sex in general.
- But the good news however is that Julius Reade is a qualified therapist (not actually a therapist) so I'm more than happy to help psycho analyse your obvious mental illness.
- Let's see here, according to my big book of TRUTH based on what you've said, it looks like you have a severe case of beastiality!
- And according to this quite large and therefore official book, it looks like the only cure is in fact to have sex with me, Julius Reade.
- (assuming of course you are in fact a woman, and you don't have one of those man faces, because I won't be able to cum if you have a man face)
- We can start out easy. I can dress up as a goat. I can use actual severed goat hooves to touch your breasts.
- Then eventually after day 200, you should be cured of all indecent fetishes, as well as an official carrier of more than 25 known STD's.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
