{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-57",
	"episode_number": 57,
	"slug": "ep-57-magic",
	"title": "#57 - Magic",
	"date": "2020-08-11T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-11T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What are you doing to protect yourself from coronavirus? 2. The Topic: I may or may not have believed in magic. 3. The Viewermail: Madison is turning into a robot. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What are you doing to protect yourself from coronavirus?\"\n\n- Are current wearing a mask, or hating the chinese!?!? Maybe you've hoarded an entire stockpile of toilet paper in your basement.\n- Maybe you even wear a mask during lovemaking, because you don't even trust your lover!\n- Maybe you just don't even care, and you're doing all sorts of deviant things like licking public toilet seats and spitting on children.\n- Aside from social distancing, I can't say I've actually done anything crazy (explain)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Magic\n\n- I've always been like a hardcore skeptic when it comes to everything.\n- Anyway, I met this girl on Tumblr and she was telling me about magic and all these supernatural type things that have happened to her life.\n- I mean, don't get me wrong, it's probably because she had massive tits and I lost my virginity to her and she was like autistic.\n- So there was a period where I was like really into it.\n- So do I believe in magic now? I don't know.\n- I think in the end what I've come to realise is that if you want to believe something then that will make it real? Like, if you believe in magic, you'll notice more odd things in your life and you'll assume it's because of magic?\n- But if you don't have that belief, then those odds things will still happen but you simply won't have that awareness.\n- Would love to spend time when I'm older to study the occult and that kind of thing.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Port Blair, India",
			"notes": "Madison Turner from Port Blair, India.\n\n\"Hey Julius. You beautiful, beautiful homedawg. I think I'm turning into a robot, can you please help me! Pleeeeasssseee\"\n\n- Unfortunately Madison, it may seem that we're too late. And it would look like you have in fact, become a robot. (play robot sound)\n- Thankfully since you've made a successful transition into your new life, you now get to choose what kind of robot you'll become.\n- Maybe you want to become one of those sex slave robots. I would definitely be down for that. I mean, finally someone will be able to fit in my huuuuuuge penis.\n- I know it's highly prestigious to be one of those Toyota factory robots. Putting cars together for ther greater good of humanity.\n- Killer robots I know are in high demand for hollywood films, and I know Kim John Un has been known to own quite a few, so The Reade can hook you up with another' yella.\n- Maybe you even want to be a cyborg, part human, part robot.\n- Of course the point is that robots have feelings and need love too. Me and my dyson vaccum have been known to hang out on friday nights. (play vaccum sound effect)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"magic",
		"alchemy"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "57",
	"castboxLink": "57",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/12NUbkX6p4xOO4/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/12NUbkX6p4xOO4/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"What are you doing to protect yourself from coronavirus?"

- Are current wearing a mask, or hating the chinese!?!? Maybe you've hoarded an entire stockpile of toilet paper in your basement.
- Maybe you even wear a mask during lovemaking, because you don't even trust your lover!
- Maybe you just don't even care, and you're doing all sorts of deviant things like licking public toilet seats and spitting on children.
- Aside from social distancing, I can't say I've actually done anything crazy (explain)
      
### the_topic

Magic

- I've always been like a hardcore skeptic when it comes to everything.
- Anyway, I met this girl on Tumblr and she was telling me about magic and all these supernatural type things that have happened to her life.
- I mean, don't get me wrong, it's probably because she had massive tits and I lost my virginity to her and she was like autistic.
- So there was a period where I was like really into it.
- So do I believe in magic now? I don't know.
- I think in the end what I've come to realise is that if you want to believe something then that will make it real? Like, if you believe in magic, you'll notice more odd things in your life and you'll assume it's because of magic?
- But if you don't have that belief, then those odds things will still happen but you simply won't have that awareness.
- Would love to spend time when I'm older to study the occult and that kind of thing.
      
### the_viewermail

Madison Turner from Port Blair, India.

"Hey Julius. You beautiful, beautiful homedawg. I think I'm turning into a robot, can you please help me! Pleeeeasssseee"

- Unfortunately Madison, it may seem that we're too late. And it would look like you have in fact, become a robot. (play robot sound)
- Thankfully since you've made a successful transition into your new life, you now get to choose what kind of robot you'll become.
- Maybe you want to become one of those sex slave robots. I would definitely be down for that. I mean, finally someone will be able to fit in my huuuuuuge penis.
- I know it's highly prestigious to be one of those Toyota factory robots. Putting cars together for ther greater good of humanity.
- Killer robots I know are in high demand for hollywood films, and I know Kim John Un has been known to own quite a few, so The Reade can hook you up with another' yella.
- Maybe you even want to be a cyborg, part human, part robot.
- Of course the point is that robots have feelings and need love too. Me and my dyson vaccum have been known to hang out on friday nights. (play vaccum sound effect)
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
