{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-58",
	"episode_number": 58,
	"slug": "ep-58-saxophone",
	"title": "#58 - Saxophone",
	"date": "2020-08-12T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-12T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Are you an argumentative person? 2. The Topic: I used to play the saxophone when I was younger. 3. The Viewermail: I help a guy sexually abuse his own father. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Are you an argumentative person?\"\n\n- Maybe you masturbate to live senate hearings because you love the tension of left versus right debates.\n- Perhaps you're a mute and you can't even speak at all, therefore rendering you lifeless during any kind of discussion.\n- I used to be all about arguing when I was younger, now I could honestly care less. (explain)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Saxophone\n\n- I played the Saxophone for like 8 years growing up. Basically up until the end of high school. I played in all sorts of high school bands n' stuff, that's probably a topic for another time.\n- I think the idea was to help me get a music scholarship.\n- I remember I had this Chinese teacher and he would have constant fights with his wife mid-lesson. Also, he got done for child sex offences, so he's currently in jail right now.\n- I got really good at it. Like, definitely wasn't the best, but I was decent. I think I did up to grade 8.\n- But of course, like all stories there is the downfall. I basically stopped practicing and I lost my embouchure.\n- So to compensate I had to bite down really hard on my lip, and I could barely play for longer than like 30 minutes.\n- I don't think I could see myself playing it again. I was essentially forced into it as a kid.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Odessa, Ukraine",
			"notes": "Brianna Hernandez from Odessa, Ukraine.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I had a pretty shitty childhood, but now that I'm an adult I'm looking for revenge. Can you suggest ways for me to sexually abuse my father without breaking the law?\"\n\n- Ideally you'd probably see a therapist, but obviously if that were the case you wouldn't be listening to this show and you'd be taking your mental health seriously.\n- So instead, it's Goober hour with The Reade and here are my humble recommendations.\n- You could wet willy your father with your cock while he's sleeping, I know that's an Australian classic. Also known the dunkin' willy.\n- Maybe on his birthday you could just casually milk his breast at the dinner table, while mum proceeds to down another glass of wine to deal with the constant drama in your family.\n- Although realistically this is something that you really should be taking out on yourself. I hear fight club is a great way to relieve some stress.\n- A safe bet of course would be to sexually molest your children and continue the cycle, like any good dad would do.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"saxophone",
		"music"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id293950291?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/58---Saxophone-id2852897-id293950291",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/BupozjHRL7dLi/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/BupozjHRL7dLi/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Are you an argumentative person?"

- Maybe you masturbate to live senate hearings because you love the tension of left versus right debates.
- Perhaps you're a mute and you can't even speak at all, therefore rendering you lifeless during any kind of discussion.
- I used to be all about arguing when I was younger, now I could honestly care less. (explain)
      
### the_topic

Saxophone

- I played the Saxophone for like 8 years growing up. Basically up until the end of high school. I played in all sorts of high school bands n' stuff, that's probably a topic for another time.
- I think the idea was to help me get a music scholarship.
- I remember I had this Chinese teacher and he would have constant fights with his wife mid-lesson. Also, he got done for child sex offences, so he's currently in jail right now.
- I got really good at it. Like, definitely wasn't the best, but I was decent. I think I did up to grade 8.
- But of course, like all stories there is the downfall. I basically stopped practicing and I lost my embouchure.
- So to compensate I had to bite down really hard on my lip, and I could barely play for longer than like 30 minutes.
- I don't think I could see myself playing it again. I was essentially forced into it as a kid.
      
### the_viewermail

Brianna Hernandez from Odessa, Ukraine.

"Hey Julius. I had a pretty shitty childhood, but now that I'm an adult I'm looking for revenge. Can you suggest ways for me to sexually abuse my father without breaking the law?"

- Ideally you'd probably see a therapist, but obviously if that were the case you wouldn't be listening to this show and you'd be taking your mental health seriously.
- So instead, it's Goober hour with The Reade and here are my humble recommendations.
- You could wet willy your father with your cock while he's sleeping, I know that's an Australian classic. Also known the dunkin' willy.
- Maybe on his birthday you could just casually milk his breast at the dinner table, while mum proceeds to down another glass of wine to deal with the constant drama in your family.
- Although realistically this is something that you really should be taking out on yourself. I hear fight club is a great way to relieve some stress.
- A safe bet of course would be to sexually molest your children and continue the cycle, like any good dad would do.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
