{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-59",
	"episode_number": 59,
	"slug": "ep-59-sport",
	"title": "#59 - Sport",
	"date": "2020-08-13T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-13T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Did you enjoy high school? 2. The Topic: I really don't understand sport. 3. The Viewermail: I guess I should help this person commit drone murder. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Did you enjoy high school?\"\n\n- Were you one of those hot jocks, completely covered in teen pussy cause that's just what you did.\n- Maybe instead you were a pimple-faced nerd. And the most you could achieve was a cold wank in the disabled toilets.\n- I hated high school. I had no friends. I spent every lunchtime alone in the library.\n- The worst part was when the whole year level got together, and it's like you'd have to stand there alone.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Sport\n\n- I don't really get sport.\n- I don't play sport. I don't really follow sports teams or anything like that.\n- I had a friend explain it to me via an analogy to nascar. (explain about putting you ego into the driver and if they win, you win.)\n- I'm really good at asian sports, like badmington and table tennis.\n- Of course, I think I'm good but when I play people who are actually good I get my ass whooped.\n- With that said, I didn't mind the footy.\n- Cricket was easily the worst thing I've ever witnessed.\n- (Tell the story about the 4 and 6 cards)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Toyama, Japan",
			"notes": "Matthew Anderson from Toyama, Japan.\n\n\"I've attached a gun to a drone and I'm about to go kill hundreds of innocent people at the mall with it. Would you like to tag along?\"\n\n- I guess it depends Mathew, are you a nice Christian boy who wouldn't even harm a fly (of course, a non-muslim fly)!??!!!? Can I trust you not to kill The Reade:tm:\n- Do I get maybe like a front-row viewing of the killing. Maybe I can sit inside a target while you kill everyone with your manic drone.\n- I mean Matthew, will you even let me make out with you before the killing, you know maybe a bit of a moral boost for both of us. Two young men. Scared out of their minds before their first big killing!!!\n- It'd be great as well if you'd let me control the drone for a bit. No one likes a hog.\n- Maybe we could even have a sexy threesome with the drone.\n- Maybe even a foursome if you let me bring our sexy goat!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"sport",
		"afl"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id293950397?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/59---Sport-id2852897-id293950397",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/htFUXJH5vjgIw/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/htFUXJH5vjgIw/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Did you enjoy high school?"

- Were you one of those hot jocks, completely covered in teen pussy cause that's just what you did.
- Maybe instead you were a pimple-faced nerd. And the most you could achieve was a cold wank in the disabled toilets.
- I hated high school. I had no friends. I spent every lunchtime alone in the library.
- The worst part was when the whole year level got together, and it's like you'd have to stand there alone.
      
### the_topic

Sport

- I don't really get sport.
- I don't play sport. I don't really follow sports teams or anything like that.
- I had a friend explain it to me via an analogy to nascar. (explain about putting you ego into the driver and if they win, you win.)
- I'm really good at asian sports, like badmington and table tennis.
- Of course, I think I'm good but when I play people who are actually good I get my ass whooped.
- With that said, I didn't mind the footy.
- Cricket was easily the worst thing I've ever witnessed.
- (Tell the story about the 4 and 6 cards)
      
### the_viewermail

Matthew Anderson from Toyama, Japan.

"I've attached a gun to a drone and I'm about to go kill hundreds of innocent people at the mall with it. Would you like to tag along?"

- I guess it depends Mathew, are you a nice Christian boy who wouldn't even harm a fly (of course, a non-muslim fly)!??!!!? Can I trust you not to kill The Reade:tm:
- Do I get maybe like a front-row viewing of the killing. Maybe I can sit inside a target while you kill everyone with your manic drone.
- I mean Matthew, will you even let me make out with you before the killing, you know maybe a bit of a moral boost for both of us. Two young men. Scared out of their minds before their first big killing!!!
- It'd be great as well if you'd let me control the drone for a bit. No one likes a hog.
- Maybe we could even have a sexy threesome with the drone.
- Maybe even a foursome if you let me bring our sexy goat!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
