{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-60",
	"episode_number": 60,
	"slug": "ep-60-capitalism",
	"title": "#60 - Capitalism",
	"date": "2020-08-14T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-14T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Have you ever attempted to bake a cake? 2. The Topic: We must raise taxes and give them to me, or something. 3. The Viewermail: My show sucks :(. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Have you ever attempted to bake a cake?\"\n\n- Let me guess, you're a finalist on MasterChef and you can whip up anything\n- Perhaps the thought of even turning on your oven scares you, because you're a recovering jew from WW2.\n- I've baked cakes before, but it's super infrequent and my skills are incredibly poor. I just have no interest in baking.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Capitalism\n\n- Today talking about capitalism, the underpinning of most western democracies.\n- Australia is very much a capitalist country. We're all super greedy and we're all about money and wealth.\n- I think I would describe myself as a capitalist, because I've been lucky enough to accumulate wealth.\n- But man, I think it's clear we're approaching late game capitalism.\n- Music is shit. Assets are rediculously high. Wages are down. Basically everyone has last their job due to covid. We're entering into what seems like the Great Depression.\n- We must rise up and fight the proletariate.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Jeddah, Saudi Arabia",
			"notes": "Caleb Peterson from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.\n\n\"Hey Julius! I think your show sucks! No wonder you have no friends. I hope your dog dies!\"\n\n- Well Caleb, I think it's obviously a given that both a) the show sucks and b) I have no friends.\n- But Caleb, even though you may think that you have the last laugh, in reality I actually have you played.\n- You see, I managed to trace the IP of your message and from there I managed to track down your location, your personal details, as well as a heap of other rather saucy information.\n- I then hacked into your computer, taking full control of your files, including your webcam and keyboard.\n- And Caleb, I captured footage of you masturbating to your favourite type of porn, that's correct, Child porn, and I sent that footage to your entire email list, as well as all you friends and family via social media and email.\n- So listen here Caleb, you son of a bitch. My show sucks, but at least I'm not going to jail for both sexual harrassment and for possession of child pornography!\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"capitalism",
		"economics"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "60",
	"castboxLink": "60",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/tu6WafgphRrAk/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/tu6WafgphRrAk/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Have you ever attempted to bake a cake?"

- Let me guess, you're a finalist on MasterChef and you can whip up anything
- Perhaps the thought of even turning on your oven scares you, because you're a recovering jew from WW2.
- I've baked cakes before, but it's super infrequent and my skills are incredibly poor. I just have no interest in baking.
      
### the_topic

Capitalism

- Today talking about capitalism, the underpinning of most western democracies.
- Australia is very much a capitalist country. We're all super greedy and we're all about money and wealth.
- I think I would describe myself as a capitalist, because I've been lucky enough to accumulate wealth.
- But man, I think it's clear we're approaching late game capitalism.
- Music is shit. Assets are rediculously high. Wages are down. Basically everyone has last their job due to covid. We're entering into what seems like the Great Depression.
- We must rise up and fight the proletariate.
      
### the_viewermail

Caleb Peterson from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.

"Hey Julius! I think your show sucks! No wonder you have no friends. I hope your dog dies!"

- Well Caleb, I think it's obviously a given that both a) the show sucks and b) I have no friends.
- But Caleb, even though you may think that you have the last laugh, in reality I actually have you played.
- You see, I managed to trace the IP of your message and from there I managed to track down your location, your personal details, as well as a heap of other rather saucy information.
- I then hacked into your computer, taking full control of your files, including your webcam and keyboard.
- And Caleb, I captured footage of you masturbating to your favourite type of porn, that's correct, Child porn, and I sent that footage to your entire email list, as well as all you friends and family via social media and email.
- So listen here Caleb, you son of a bitch. My show sucks, but at least I'm not going to jail for both sexual harrassment and for possession of child pornography!

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
