{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-61",
	"episode_number": 61,
	"slug": "ep-61-australia",
	"title": "#61 - Australia",
	"date": "2020-08-17T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-17T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: If you could have any super power, what would it be? 2. The Topic: Good ol' bloody Straya. 3. The Viewermail: Delicious are biscuits, I would agree. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"If you could have any super power, what would it be?\"\n\n- I know some people are obsessed with flying. Maybe they were raped by a pigeon when they were younger.\n- Extreme elasticity is often a human fetish that I'm sure some people would love to partake in.\n- I'd love to be super smart and be able to learn things super quickly. I think that would be an awesome super power to have.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Australia\n\n- For those who don't know, I'm in fact an australian. I was born here. Born in Sydney in fact.\n- I swear, the amount of times someone has said to me online \"Oh Julius, I didn't know that you were British\" is mindbogging. I don't even vaguely sound british.\n- Australia I think has lost it's original identity to a large extent, mostly due to the internet and globalisation. And I think this has happened to most countries. (talk about VB and shrimp on the barbie)\n- Australia now in 2020 has become highly multi-cultural, at least in the main cities. It's like this blend of like every race. Of course, when you go up to far north queensland, it's basically just white racists.\n- People say Australians are racist, but compared to other countries we're like so tolerant of everyone.\n- Australia in my opinion is one of the best places you can live. I would love to leave, but I can't actually think of a better country in terms of job prospective, quality of life, you can buy a house etc.\n- The bad things about austraia is that people are greedy and self-centred and not interested in forming friendships. I can definitely say that myself.\n- The good thing about australia is that we're largely progressive, but again only if it doesn't conflict with our greed.\n- And whatever you do, don't go to the great barrier reef. The place is completely dead.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Xining,China",
			"notes": "Ava Russell from Xining,China.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Loving what you're doing with your pubic hair these days. On a more sensitive topic, I really like delicious biscuits. Can you tell me where I can get delicious biscuits?\"\n\n- Well you know, the super market is obviously a good place to start with your clear obsession with biscuits.\n- Of course, those delicious biscuits, not those FOREIGN, IMMIGRANT biscuits!!!\n- But listen if you want the good shit, there really is nothing better than a freshly baked biscuit from the bakery.\n- Especially if you get a porn star to bake it, because then there's like a sexual connection when you're eating it.\n- Definitely I can recommend jerking off while eating the biscuit. Or alternatively jerking off onto the biscuit for that extra milky sensation.\n- Cause I tell ya what, there is no better yeast than from a UTI, gaping from another woman's vagina.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"australia",
		"culture"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id297800408?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/61---Australia-id2852897-id297800408",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/G7Dgk9BQnrVOE/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/G7Dgk9BQnrVOE/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"If you could have any super power, what would it be?"

- I know some people are obsessed with flying. Maybe they were raped by a pigeon when they were younger.
- Extreme elasticity is often a human fetish that I'm sure some people would love to partake in.
- I'd love to be super smart and be able to learn things super quickly. I think that would be an awesome super power to have.
      
### the_topic

Australia

- For those who don't know, I'm in fact an australian. I was born here. Born in Sydney in fact.
- I swear, the amount of times someone has said to me online "Oh Julius, I didn't know that you were British" is mindbogging. I don't even vaguely sound british.
- Australia I think has lost it's original identity to a large extent, mostly due to the internet and globalisation. And I think this has happened to most countries. (talk about VB and shrimp on the barbie)
- Australia now in 2020 has become highly multi-cultural, at least in the main cities. It's like this blend of like every race. Of course, when you go up to far north queensland, it's basically just white racists.
- People say Australians are racist, but compared to other countries we're like so tolerant of everyone.
- Australia in my opinion is one of the best places you can live. I would love to leave, but I can't actually think of a better country in terms of job prospective, quality of life, you can buy a house etc.
- The bad things about austraia is that people are greedy and self-centred and not interested in forming friendships. I can definitely say that myself.
- The good thing about australia is that we're largely progressive, but again only if it doesn't conflict with our greed.
- And whatever you do, don't go to the great barrier reef. The place is completely dead.
      
### the_viewermail

Ava Russell from Xining,China.

"Hey Julius. Loving what you're doing with your pubic hair these days. On a more sensitive topic, I really like delicious biscuits. Can you tell me where I can get delicious biscuits?"

- Well you know, the super market is obviously a good place to start with your clear obsession with biscuits.
- Of course, those delicious biscuits, not those FOREIGN, IMMIGRANT biscuits!!!
- But listen if you want the good shit, there really is nothing better than a freshly baked biscuit from the bakery.
- Especially if you get a porn star to bake it, because then there's like a sexual connection when you're eating it.
- Definitely I can recommend jerking off while eating the biscuit. Or alternatively jerking off onto the biscuit for that extra milky sensation.
- Cause I tell ya what, there is no better yeast than from a UTI, gaping from another woman's vagina.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
