{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-62",
	"episode_number": 62,
	"slug": "ep-62-cadets",
	"title": "#62 - Cadets",
	"date": "2020-08-18T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-18T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Are you introverted or extroverted? 2. The Topic: Today I talk about cadets. 3. The Viewermail: Octopus fetish. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Are you introverted or extroverted?\"\n\n- Do you struggle to go five minutes without both talking or inserting your penis into another human being?\n- Maybe you prefer the comfort of darkness within the confines of your own lonely room.\n- I'm definitely introverted. I'm happy not to see anyone for years. As long as I have a computer screen, I'm fine.\n- And I think the reason for this is because I feel like my thoughts are another person? I don't feel lonely with my thoughts.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Cadets\n\n- I did cadets back in year 9. I think it was a fond experience because difficult events are the ones you remember most.\n- Basically you were forced to take up some kind of extra curicular activity, and I was pretty sure this was the only thing I could do.\n- But the great thing was that the sister school also did cadets, so there were other women as well. I'm obviously a babe magnet.\n- I remember this was this half-white half-asian girl I was really into. And I was flirting with her and she was flirting with me, but I was like way too awkward to do anything.\n- There was also this other indian girl who had a sister and we were flirting. Of course, I got literally zero pussy in highschool, so this is basically me pretending to be alpha n' stuff.\n- The main thing were the camps, and there was this one camp which was like this three day war game thing where there were checkpoints and that kind of thing. War rations.\n- I actually ended up joining the marching band instead, which everyone made fun of. But that's a topic for another time.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Naples, Italy",
			"notes": "Samuel Morgan from Naples, Italy.\n\n\"I have an octopus fetish, but before I could stick my penis inside the ocotopus it jumped out of the water tank and locked me in my play dungeon. I'm not sure what to do!?!? Not to mention, the children are getting restless.\"\n\n- Well, like any good escape room flash game from the early 2000's, often the best and only thing you can do is look at an online walkthrough.\n- Unfortunately, that doesn't work in real life, so you're going to have to use your wits. Quick math!\n- Of course, if it's anything like my play dungeon that simply isn't going to be possible, because if you can even remotely hear the children screaming, then you really need to soundproof that sucker.\n- And quite frankly, you're probably going to die in there, even though you clearly had to have internet access to send me this message BUT LET'S GO ALONG WITH IT SHALL WE?!?!?!\n- But at least you've got at least the next 2 weeks to masturbate yourself to a silent, although pleasurable death.\n- Of course, maybe you want to redeem yourself before you die, which is why it's important to at least try to keep those children alive. Maybe they can have a bit of daddy's milk for sustenance.\n- Not to mention it's really difficult to have sex with a dead child. (I'm kidding!)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"cadets",
		"high school"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id297800610?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/62---Cadets-id2852897-id297800610",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/l2QDSfKZKsUO706vS/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/l2QDSfKZKsUO706vS/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 13"
	]
}

### the_question

"Are you introverted or extroverted?"

- Do you struggle to go five minutes without both talking or inserting your penis into another human being?
- Maybe you prefer the comfort of darkness within the confines of your own lonely room.
- I'm definitely introverted. I'm happy not to see anyone for years. As long as I have a computer screen, I'm fine.
- And I think the reason for this is because I feel like my thoughts are another person? I don't feel lonely with my thoughts.
      
### the_topic

Cadets

- I did cadets back in year 9. I think it was a fond experience because difficult events are the ones you remember most.
- Basically you were forced to take up some kind of extra curicular activity, and I was pretty sure this was the only thing I could do.
- But the great thing was that the sister school also did cadets, so there were other women as well. I'm obviously a babe magnet.
- I remember this was this half-white half-asian girl I was really into. And I was flirting with her and she was flirting with me, but I was like way too awkward to do anything.
- There was also this other indian girl who had a sister and we were flirting. Of course, I got literally zero pussy in highschool, so this is basically me pretending to be alpha n' stuff.
- The main thing were the camps, and there was this one camp which was like this three day war game thing where there were checkpoints and that kind of thing. War rations.
- I actually ended up joining the marching band instead, which everyone made fun of. But that's a topic for another time.
      
### the_viewermail

Samuel Morgan from Naples, Italy.

"I have an octopus fetish, but before I could stick my penis inside the ocotopus it jumped out of the water tank and locked me in my play dungeon. I'm not sure what to do!?!? Not to mention, the children are getting restless."

- Well, like any good escape room flash game from the early 2000's, often the best and only thing you can do is look at an online walkthrough.
- Unfortunately, that doesn't work in real life, so you're going to have to use your wits. Quick math!
- Of course, if it's anything like my play dungeon that simply isn't going to be possible, because if you can even remotely hear the children screaming, then you really need to soundproof that sucker.
- And quite frankly, you're probably going to die in there, even though you clearly had to have internet access to send me this message BUT LET'S GO ALONG WITH IT SHALL WE?!?!?!
- But at least you've got at least the next 2 weeks to masturbate yourself to a silent, although pleasurable death.
- Of course, maybe you want to redeem yourself before you die, which is why it's important to at least try to keep those children alive. Maybe they can have a bit of daddy's milk for sustenance.
- Not to mention it's really difficult to have sex with a dead child. (I'm kidding!)
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
