{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-63",
	"episode_number": 63,
	"slug": "ep-63-costco",
	"title": "#63 - Costco",
	"date": "2020-08-19T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-19T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Do you enjoy going to the beach? 2. The Topic: It's time for a Costco run! 3. The Viewermail: Should you kill a dying child? Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Do you enjoy going to the beach?\"\n\n- Are you currently eating sun lotion, because you can't get enough of that beach life!? We're talkin' surfboardin'. Gettin' sand in your pussy.\n- Maybe you hate the beach. The way the sea ensnarls you and drags back into it's misery.\n- I'm fairly neutral about the beach. I think it can be nice, but I guess I just don't have time. That and I really hate travelling, so that's probably the main reason why.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Costco\n\n- Costco is basically a big warehouse shopping centre where you bulk buy things. It's huge in the USA, and is a semi-big thing where. There's just not enough stores yet to be truly pervasive.\n- Pre-covid we would do a huge costco shop like once a month. We'd stock up on meat, toilet paper, staples. You name it.\n- Everything is just cheaper basically. Their pork mince is also really good. You know, you want a big box of ramen, then they're great for that as well.\n- The only thing that's terrible is their veg. It's just subpar. Like, really subpar.\n- I reckon I spend at least $500 - $700 per shop.\n- It's just fun as well. I hate going to malls. But I love shopping centres. I don't know why.\n- With covid though I've actually discovered online shopping. Which has been awesome. It's like $4 as well if you spend over $200 which we do anyway.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Warsaw, Poland",
			"notes": "Landon Ward from Warsaw, Poland.\n\n\"Is it wrong to kill dying children? My child isn't dying but it would be nice to know in case I ever had a child, or if they're dying?\"\n\n- Ultimately the only way to find out is to kill an actual dying child. You know, so you can try before you buy kind of thing.\n- I personally just sneak into the cancer ward of the local children's hospital, and of course using a silencer is paramount, or you could wring their neck as well if you're wanting that james bond experience.\n- In my case it turned into a sexual fetish which spiraled out of control. Thankfully I only limit it to killing only one child a week now, which helps tremendously with my lovely relationship with my partner, and my work life, not to mention with my actual children.\n- Certainly, I don't think it's wrong to kill children, whether dying or alive. It's your right as a white male to exercise God's will.\n- Of course, if you're not a white male, then it looks like we've got some discussing to do. YOU RAPIST MURDERING SCUM!\n- But yeah, definitely don't kill kids. Just kill blacks instead, because it's more of a challenge you can't see them in the dark. KIDDING! Just kidding, kill black children. It's a win win.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"costco",
		"shopping"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id297800643?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/63---Costco-id2852897-id297800643",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/Y1YJ9wMRD6pMwdeedu/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/Y1YJ9wMRD6pMwdeedu/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 13"
	]
}

### the_question

"Do you enjoy going to the beach?"

- Are you currently eating sun lotion, because you can't get enough of that beach life!? We're talkin' surfboardin'. Gettin' sand in your pussy.
- Maybe you hate the beach. The way the sea ensnarls you and drags back into it's misery.
- I'm fairly neutral about the beach. I think it can be nice, but I guess I just don't have time. That and I really hate travelling, so that's probably the main reason why.
      
### the_topic

Costco

- Costco is basically a big warehouse shopping centre where you bulk buy things. It's huge in the USA, and is a semi-big thing where. There's just not enough stores yet to be truly pervasive.
- Pre-covid we would do a huge costco shop like once a month. We'd stock up on meat, toilet paper, staples. You name it.
- Everything is just cheaper basically. Their pork mince is also really good. You know, you want a big box of ramen, then they're great for that as well.
- The only thing that's terrible is their veg. It's just subpar. Like, really subpar.
- I reckon I spend at least $500 - $700 per shop.
- It's just fun as well. I hate going to malls. But I love shopping centres. I don't know why.
- With covid though I've actually discovered online shopping. Which has been awesome. It's like $4 as well if you spend over $200 which we do anyway.
      
### the_viewermail

Landon Ward from Warsaw, Poland.

"Is it wrong to kill dying children? My child isn't dying but it would be nice to know in case I ever had a child, or if they're dying?"

- Ultimately the only way to find out is to kill an actual dying child. You know, so you can try before you buy kind of thing.
- I personally just sneak into the cancer ward of the local children's hospital, and of course using a silencer is paramount, or you could wring their neck as well if you're wanting that james bond experience.
- In my case it turned into a sexual fetish which spiraled out of control. Thankfully I only limit it to killing only one child a week now, which helps tremendously with my lovely relationship with my partner, and my work life, not to mention with my actual children.
- Certainly, I don't think it's wrong to kill children, whether dying or alive. It's your right as a white male to exercise God's will.
- Of course, if you're not a white male, then it looks like we've got some discussing to do. YOU RAPIST MURDERING SCUM!
- But yeah, definitely don't kill kids. Just kill blacks instead, because it's more of a challenge you can't see them in the dark. KIDDING! Just kidding, kill black children. It's a win win.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
