{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-64",
	"episode_number": 64,
	"slug": "ep-64-repetitive-strain-injury",
	"title": "#64 - Repetitive Strain Injury",
	"date": "2020-08-20T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-20T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What are you allergic to? 2. The Topic: How I cured my RSI. 3. The Viewermail: You probably have herpes. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What are you allergic to?\"\n\n- Do your eyes begin to sting at the thought of ingesting crayfish!?!? Will the slightest hint of peanut cause you to break out into a ravenous rash?\n- Maybe you feel like you could get away with licking a plutonium core completely unscathed, because you have real tiger's blood.\n- I don't think I'm actually allergic to anything. I don't have hayfever.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Repetitive Strain Injury\n\n- Today I want to talk about my run-in with Repetitive Strain Injury (or RSI)\n- Obviously I do nothing but sit in front of my computer. That's pretty much where I spend most my life. BECAUSE THE READE HAS NO FRIENDS!?\n- And I remember it was around 2016. I was working in SEO.\n- And basically typing became painful. I could type for maybe 10 minutes before having to stop.\n- And it got worse and worse. And I tried everything. I was stretching. I was taking breaks and like, no matter what I did, it was just crippling.\n- Eventually I read this book which basically said that the reason we have this pain is because we subsconsiously self-reinforce it through expectation, and it's how we express stress.\n- And basically the cure is to ignore it.\n- And literally within the space of a day it completely disappeared. Like magically.\n- Since then I've noticed this pattern more. Like I'll  get a really tight shoulder.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Basseterre, Saint Kitts and Nevis",
			"notes": "Victoria Phillips from Basseterre, Saint Kitts and Nevis.\n\n\"My dad's name is Jakey, but my mother's name is Chris. Do you think I have herpes?\"\n\n- Thank you for this very serious question Victoria. And as an officially licenced doctor (NOT A DOCTOR), I feel qualified to answer such things.\n- Now Jakey is more the kind of name that someone with HIV would have. So you probably have AIDS.\n- Chris is actually a man's name, so your mother was probably bullied and raped as a child, so she probably has HIV as well.\n- I hate to say it Victoria, but I think you might have AIDS.\n- And not the sexy kind, that makes you all sexually vulnerable and attracts you to power-hungry psychopaths.\n- But more the dying African kind that you see on those commercials. Which you know, is still quality masturbation material.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"repetitive-strain-injury",
		"hand pain"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id297800013?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/64---Repetitive-Strain-Injury-id2852897-id297800013",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/UsGtz1AaT9qjaysHCB/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/UsGtz1AaT9qjaysHCB/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 13"
	]
}

### the_question

"What are you allergic to?"

- Do your eyes begin to sting at the thought of ingesting crayfish!?!? Will the slightest hint of peanut cause you to break out into a ravenous rash?
- Maybe you feel like you could get away with licking a plutonium core completely unscathed, because you have real tiger's blood.
- I don't think I'm actually allergic to anything. I don't have hayfever.
      
### the_topic

Repetitive Strain Injury

- Today I want to talk about my run-in with Repetitive Strain Injury (or RSI)
- Obviously I do nothing but sit in front of my computer. That's pretty much where I spend most my life. BECAUSE THE READE HAS NO FRIENDS!?
- And I remember it was around 2016. I was working in SEO.
- And basically typing became painful. I could type for maybe 10 minutes before having to stop.
- And it got worse and worse. And I tried everything. I was stretching. I was taking breaks and like, no matter what I did, it was just crippling.
- Eventually I read this book which basically said that the reason we have this pain is because we subsconsiously self-reinforce it through expectation, and it's how we express stress.
- And basically the cure is to ignore it.
- And literally within the space of a day it completely disappeared. Like magically.
- Since then I've noticed this pattern more. Like I'll  get a really tight shoulder.
      
### the_viewermail

Victoria Phillips from Basseterre, Saint Kitts and Nevis.

"My dad's name is Jakey, but my mother's name is Chris. Do you think I have herpes?"

- Thank you for this very serious question Victoria. And as an officially licenced doctor (NOT A DOCTOR), I feel qualified to answer such things.
- Now Jakey is more the kind of name that someone with HIV would have. So you probably have AIDS.
- Chris is actually a man's name, so your mother was probably bullied and raped as a child, so she probably has HIV as well.
- I hate to say it Victoria, but I think you might have AIDS.
- And not the sexy kind, that makes you all sexually vulnerable and attracts you to power-hungry psychopaths.
- But more the dying African kind that you see on those commercials. Which you know, is still quality masturbation material.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
