{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-65",
	"episode_number": 65,
	"slug": "ep-65-racism",
	"title": "#65 - Racism",
	"date": "2020-08-21T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-21T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Are you a fan of small-talk? 2. The Topic: Dealing with le racism growing up. 3. The Viewermail: I teach a grown man in the 21st century to send an email. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Are you a fan of small-talk?\"\n\n- Chit Chat. Kit Kat. Do you love to talk about the small thing in life. The weather!? Tell me sir, what do you do for work?\n- Maybe you absolutely can't stand chatting with people whom you don't know, because you'd much rather jerk it off behind the\n- The odd thing is that I'm really good with socialising when I have to, but I absolutely hate socialising so often I just shut down.\n- I can social if it's a work thing or an interview thing. But outside of that, I just don't care unless if they're an actual friend.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Racism\n\n- Talking about racism today.\n- I'm a half chinese person and mostly growing up, but basically just dealt with constant racism.\n- To be quite honest, It doesn't really upset me. Like if it's aggressive racism then that sucks, but then it's like, they're just aggressive anyway.\n- But I don't mind stereotyping or being called \"Mr. Shanghai\". I kind of find it funny.\n- I remember my first episode of racism was when I was in prep, and these kids were like saying that I don't know how to count in english, and they were like mocking me.\n- I wasn't really offended, and I honestly just did not care. But there were these other two kids who were like forcing me to tell the principal.\n- But yeah, the high school I went to like this pretty multicultural high school where whites were a minority. And it was like, just normal.\n- People say that Australia is racist, and there are a heap of racists, but we're also pretty accepting as well.\n- I also think everyone is racist. Asians are definitely racist as hell.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Gaziantep, Turkey",
			"notes": "Owen King from Gaziantep, Turkey.\n\n\"Dear Julius. Can you please teach me how to send an email? I'm wanting to send you a viewermail, so I can obtain my dream of becoming famous. Regards, -------\"\n\n- Well, first thing is to get distracted and go onto pornhub.com and have a quick wank.\n- Next step is to get further distracted by a bunch of funny YouTube videos.\n- Then obviously at this point it's time to have another wank.\n- Then and only then is it okay to actually do what you wanted to do on the internet and actually send an email.\n- Now if you're wanting to send a viewermail, then of course it has to be funny.\n- I'll also accept dick pics n' stuff. But it helps to also talk me up. Be like \"Man, I love Julius Reade soooo much. He's such a babe.\"\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"racism",
		"life"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id297804168?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/65---Racism-id2852897-id297804168",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/hpLmlYCR36KptfuRkW/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/hpLmlYCR36KptfuRkW/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 13"
	]
}

### the_question

"Are you a fan of small-talk?"

- Chit Chat. Kit Kat. Do you love to talk about the small thing in life. The weather!? Tell me sir, what do you do for work?
- Maybe you absolutely can't stand chatting with people whom you don't know, because you'd much rather jerk it off behind the
- The odd thing is that I'm really good with socialising when I have to, but I absolutely hate socialising so often I just shut down.
- I can social if it's a work thing or an interview thing. But outside of that, I just don't care unless if they're an actual friend.
      
### the_topic

Racism

- Talking about racism today.
- I'm a half chinese person and mostly growing up, but basically just dealt with constant racism.
- To be quite honest, It doesn't really upset me. Like if it's aggressive racism then that sucks, but then it's like, they're just aggressive anyway.
- But I don't mind stereotyping or being called "Mr. Shanghai". I kind of find it funny.
- I remember my first episode of racism was when I was in prep, and these kids were like saying that I don't know how to count in english, and they were like mocking me.
- I wasn't really offended, and I honestly just did not care. But there were these other two kids who were like forcing me to tell the principal.
- But yeah, the high school I went to like this pretty multicultural high school where whites were a minority. And it was like, just normal.
- People say that Australia is racist, and there are a heap of racists, but we're also pretty accepting as well.
- I also think everyone is racist. Asians are definitely racist as hell.
      
### the_viewermail

Owen King from Gaziantep, Turkey.

"Dear Julius. Can you please teach me how to send an email? I'm wanting to send you a viewermail, so I can obtain my dream of becoming famous. Regards, -------"

- Well, first thing is to get distracted and go onto pornhub.com and have a quick wank.
- Next step is to get further distracted by a bunch of funny YouTube videos.
- Then obviously at this point it's time to have another wank.
- Then and only then is it okay to actually do what you wanted to do on the internet and actually send an email.
- Now if you're wanting to send a viewermail, then of course it has to be funny.
- I'll also accept dick pics n' stuff. But it helps to also talk me up. Be like "Man, I love Julius Reade soooo much. He's such a babe."
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
