{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-66",
	"episode_number": 66,
	"slug": "ep-66-monopoly",
	"title": "#66 - Monopoly",
	"date": "2020-08-24T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-24T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Can you do a push up? 2. The Topic: Let me talk about the world's greatest board game, Monopoly. 3. The Viewermail: The Russians are coming sweetheart! Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Can you do a push up?\"\n\n- Perhaps you're doing a push up right now, midway through your workout. And I just want to say you have great abs. Keep it up buddy!\n- On the other hand, perhaps you have arms like chopsticks and the thought of doing a push up sends absolute chills down your spine.\n- I'm quite fit and do weighted push ups with 60 pounds on my back, so I'm atuned with my sexy body.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Monopoly\n\n- Monopoly for those who don't know is a board game.\n- I loved Monopoly and board games as a kid. I think primarily because I was a single child and I never really had anyone to play them with. So it was like, OMG I get to play them! Amazing.\n- I specifically remember getting Monopoly from Kmart for Christmas. I remember there was the standard edition, then there was the fancy $100 edition. We had the standard one, but I always wondered what that fancy edition would have been like.\n- Monopoly in a sense was the original COD. Basically everyone knew how to play it and was fun. FUN! FUN!!!!\n- I think I liked it because I would always win. And was and still am a sore loser. Of course, parents always seemed to hate playing Monopoly.\n- I was really competitive as a child, and still am.\n- I specifically remember playing Monopoly with my friend Hans, which is definitely a topic for another time, but I remember hurting him while playing.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Ny-Ålesund, Norway",
			"notes": "Avery Nelson from Ny-Ålesund, Norway.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I think my dad has bugged my room and is recording everything I say. What are some ways I can work around this?\"\n\n- Well Avery, thank you for sharing your life with me, along with what seems like a tit pic, except it also seems that you don't have nipples, which is confusing me greatly. I'm kind of getting hard, but feeling guilty about it.\n- The main thing Avery is that this is truly about protest. Protecting your right to privacy! Which is why you need to play dirty!\n- I recommend smearing your bedroom walls with shit. Just shit on your hand and smear it. Like a good patriot.\n- Of course naturally, now's a good time to learn a new language. So he doesn't understand what you're saying.\n- I would also recommend masturbating a heap, so that when he listens back to the recordings you can claim that he's into incest! And that he's a sicko!\n- Also mention about how much you love mum over dad. Especially how you wished that your dad was more like your mum.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"monopoly",
		"board game"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id297807111?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/66---Monopoly-id2852897-id297807111",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/l2JJJJUUQBvUspZV6/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/l2JJJJUUQBvUspZV6/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 14"
	]
}

### the_question

"Can you do a push up?"

- Perhaps you're doing a push up right now, midway through your workout. And I just want to say you have great abs. Keep it up buddy!
- On the other hand, perhaps you have arms like chopsticks and the thought of doing a push up sends absolute chills down your spine.
- I'm quite fit and do weighted push ups with 60 pounds on my back, so I'm atuned with my sexy body.
      
### the_topic

Monopoly

- Monopoly for those who don't know is a board game.
- I loved Monopoly and board games as a kid. I think primarily because I was a single child and I never really had anyone to play them with. So it was like, OMG I get to play them! Amazing.
- I specifically remember getting Monopoly from Kmart for Christmas. I remember there was the standard edition, then there was the fancy $100 edition. We had the standard one, but I always wondered what that fancy edition would have been like.
- Monopoly in a sense was the original COD. Basically everyone knew how to play it and was fun. FUN! FUN!!!!
- I think I liked it because I would always win. And was and still am a sore loser. Of course, parents always seemed to hate playing Monopoly.
- I was really competitive as a child, and still am.
- I specifically remember playing Monopoly with my friend Hans, which is definitely a topic for another time, but I remember hurting him while playing.
      
### the_viewermail

Avery Nelson from Ny-Ålesund, Norway.

"Hey Julius. I think my dad has bugged my room and is recording everything I say. What are some ways I can work around this?"

- Well Avery, thank you for sharing your life with me, along with what seems like a tit pic, except it also seems that you don't have nipples, which is confusing me greatly. I'm kind of getting hard, but feeling guilty about it.
- The main thing Avery is that this is truly about protest. Protecting your right to privacy! Which is why you need to play dirty!
- I recommend smearing your bedroom walls with shit. Just shit on your hand and smear it. Like a good patriot.
- Of course naturally, now's a good time to learn a new language. So he doesn't understand what you're saying.
- I would also recommend masturbating a heap, so that when he listens back to the recordings you can claim that he's into incest! And that he's a sicko!
- Also mention about how much you love mum over dad. Especially how you wished that your dad was more like your mum.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
