{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-67",
	"episode_number": 67,
	"slug": "ep-67-lily-farm",
	"title": "#67 - Lily Farm",
	"date": "2020-08-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-25T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What's your favourite flavour of ice cream? 2. The Topic: I talk about my first job on a lily farm. 3. The Viewermail: I help a rising star in the musical industry. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What's your favourite flavour of ice cream?\"\n\n- Mango is a delicious flavour of ice cream, as are all flavours I'll have you know.\n- Mint Choc is also a very contentious flavour, but for some people they absolutely cannot get enough.\n- I don't know what my favourite flavour is, but the best ice cream I had was actually gelato and it was lime flavoured and my gosh, I couldn't possibly describe the mouth orgasm I had that time.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Lily Farm\n\n- Today I'm going to talk about the very first job I ever had as a 15 year old. I was paid $5 an hour, so I'd make like $40 a day.\n- I worked on a Lily Farm up in Sherbrooke (I think), which is basically where my aunty worked.\n- They guy who owned it was like the classic image of an australian farmer. He was super old. Like in his 70s and his mother was like 100 or something. She was super old.\n- It was hard boring work. Not only because it was actually boring, but because I was 15 and that made it so much more boring.\n- Basically you did two things. You would pick the lillies, and then you would measure them, group them and then cut them according to size. It was basically never-ending.\n- It was also in the middle of summer. So it was in this open tin shed and it was murderously hot.\n- The only thing that brought me joy was the radio they'd put on in the 2nd half of the day.\n- It was one of two things. It was either the cricket, which drove me insane, or it was denis walter on 774 ABC local radio - which was casual entertainment. (talk about how I wanted both)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Frankfurt am Main, Germany",
			"notes": "Isaiah Diaz from Frankfurt am Main, Germany.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Earlier I tried masturbating to a Disney film because I've been feeling rather bored over these holidays, and it turns out that I really like musicals. Should I pursue my dream of becoming a broadway star?\"\n\n- Well, as somewhat of a legend in the musical scene, I have mucheth adviceth for thee listener. (as you can tell, I'm a trained actor)\n- The main thing is to have sex with as many producers as possible. And statistically speaking, the younger you are the better. If you're three years old and you're willing to partake in a five-way gang bang, you can easily become the next elizabeth taylor.\n- Because if you're comfortable having a five-way gang bang, then you'll be more than comfortable performing in front of thousands of other people.\n- You know, are you a triple threat? Can you blow, suck and swallow!?!?\n- In all seriousness though, you don't want to become a broadway star. There's just no money in it. Instead, you should just continue masturbating to disney films on camera! There's definitely a market for that somewhere in the world.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"lily-farm",
		"work"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id297807150?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/67---Lily-Farm-id2852897-id297807150",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/xdi8qW5UFkhLG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/xdi8qW5UFkhLG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 14"
	]
}

### the_question

"What's your favourite flavour of ice cream?"

- Mango is a delicious flavour of ice cream, as are all flavours I'll have you know.
- Mint Choc is also a very contentious flavour, but for some people they absolutely cannot get enough.
- I don't know what my favourite flavour is, but the best ice cream I had was actually gelato and it was lime flavoured and my gosh, I couldn't possibly describe the mouth orgasm I had that time.
      
### the_topic

Lily Farm

- Today I'm going to talk about the very first job I ever had as a 15 year old. I was paid $5 an hour, so I'd make like $40 a day.
- I worked on a Lily Farm up in Sherbrooke (I think), which is basically where my aunty worked.
- They guy who owned it was like the classic image of an australian farmer. He was super old. Like in his 70s and his mother was like 100 or something. She was super old.
- It was hard boring work. Not only because it was actually boring, but because I was 15 and that made it so much more boring.
- Basically you did two things. You would pick the lillies, and then you would measure them, group them and then cut them according to size. It was basically never-ending.
- It was also in the middle of summer. So it was in this open tin shed and it was murderously hot.
- The only thing that brought me joy was the radio they'd put on in the 2nd half of the day.
- It was one of two things. It was either the cricket, which drove me insane, or it was denis walter on 774 ABC local radio - which was casual entertainment. (talk about how I wanted both)
      
### the_viewermail

Isaiah Diaz from Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

"Hey Julius. Earlier I tried masturbating to a Disney film because I've been feeling rather bored over these holidays, and it turns out that I really like musicals. Should I pursue my dream of becoming a broadway star?"

- Well, as somewhat of a legend in the musical scene, I have mucheth adviceth for thee listener. (as you can tell, I'm a trained actor)
- The main thing is to have sex with as many producers as possible. And statistically speaking, the younger you are the better. If you're three years old and you're willing to partake in a five-way gang bang, you can easily become the next elizabeth taylor.
- Because if you're comfortable having a five-way gang bang, then you'll be more than comfortable performing in front of thousands of other people.
- You know, are you a triple threat? Can you blow, suck and swallow!?!?
- In all seriousness though, you don't want to become a broadway star. There's just no money in it. Instead, you should just continue masturbating to disney films on camera! There's definitely a market for that somewhere in the world.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
