{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-68",
	"episode_number": 68,
	"slug": "ep-68-gamecube",
	"title": "#68 - GameCube",
	"date": "2020-08-26T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-26T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Would you be capable of saving someone's life? 2. The Topic: I am quite fond of thee GameCube. 3. The Viewermail: I don't think Mexicans are dirty... but this listener sure does! Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Would you be capable of saving someone's life?\"\n\n- Are you ripped, ready and pumpin' to go? Perhaps you keep an epipen with you at all times, ready to stab into the pulsating veins of someone suffering from a seizure.\n- Perhaps you're actually terrified at the thought of someone dying, and you require to be cuddled every 5 minutes in order to suppress any potential negative thoughts.\n- I myself am useful in an emergency situation. My care and urgency for human life is at about a zero. So I don't tend stress enough to act, but thank god I'm not a paramedic.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "GameCube\n\n- I am incredibly fond of the gamecube, perhaps more than the N64.\n- I remember when it came out, I thought it was kind of lame. And I think I felt that way about all Nintendo consoles in general (because I was a playstation fanboy)\n- But what happens is when you get older, you never end up playing these games, so they become more special.\n- I think I'm also fond because my friend Hans had a Gamecube and like a million games when it came out, and I always envied him because he had everything growing up.\n- Eventually when I got a Wii I was able to play Gamecube games through the Wii. Illegally.\n- It had so many great games. I think the first game I played was smash bros, which was incredible. Super Mario Sunshine I loved. The Legend of Zelda Windwaker.\n- Eventually my partner actually got me a gamecube for our anniversary, and it came with super mario sunshine!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Kiel, Germany",
			"notes": "Layla Martin from Kiel, Germany.\n\n\"My boss wants me to relocate Mexico for work, but I hate those dirty mexicans. What should I do?\"\n\n- Well Layla, aside from being less of a racist bitch, there are plenty of things you can do.\n- Firstly, you can be less of a racist bitch.\n- Secondly, maybe you can bring a bottle of hand sanitizer wherever you go, just to ensure you don't have any of that Mexican AIDS, which is a huge issue specific to Mexico.\n- Personally I hand it helps to carry of pouch of beans, so that if a Mexican is approaching you, you can just throw a handful of beans on the floor away from you.\n- Because as everyone knows, Mexicans are poor and so will do anything for some dehydrated nutrition.\n- But seriously Laya, racism is not cool. So how dare you hate the fine mexican people.\n- I mean, who's gonna wash my dishes or mow my lawn?!!?!?! What, I white person!? LOL JKS\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"gamecube",
		"video games"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "68",
	"castboxLink": "68",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/10bTCLE8GtHHS8/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/10bTCLE8GtHHS8/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Would you be capable of saving someone's life?"

- Are you ripped, ready and pumpin' to go? Perhaps you keep an epipen with you at all times, ready to stab into the pulsating veins of someone suffering from a seizure.
- Perhaps you're actually terrified at the thought of someone dying, and you require to be cuddled every 5 minutes in order to suppress any potential negative thoughts.
- I myself am useful in an emergency situation. My care and urgency for human life is at about a zero. So I don't tend stress enough to act, but thank god I'm not a paramedic.
      
### the_topic

GameCube

- I am incredibly fond of the gamecube, perhaps more than the N64.
- I remember when it came out, I thought it was kind of lame. And I think I felt that way about all Nintendo consoles in general (because I was a playstation fanboy)
- But what happens is when you get older, you never end up playing these games, so they become more special.
- I think I'm also fond because my friend Hans had a Gamecube and like a million games when it came out, and I always envied him because he had everything growing up.
- Eventually when I got a Wii I was able to play Gamecube games through the Wii. Illegally.
- It had so many great games. I think the first game I played was smash bros, which was incredible. Super Mario Sunshine I loved. The Legend of Zelda Windwaker.
- Eventually my partner actually got me a gamecube for our anniversary, and it came with super mario sunshine!
      
### the_viewermail

Layla Martin from Kiel, Germany.

"My boss wants me to relocate Mexico for work, but I hate those dirty mexicans. What should I do?"

- Well Layla, aside from being less of a racist bitch, there are plenty of things you can do.
- Firstly, you can be less of a racist bitch.
- Secondly, maybe you can bring a bottle of hand sanitizer wherever you go, just to ensure you don't have any of that Mexican AIDS, which is a huge issue specific to Mexico.
- Personally I hand it helps to carry of pouch of beans, so that if a Mexican is approaching you, you can just throw a handful of beans on the floor away from you.
- Because as everyone knows, Mexicans are poor and so will do anything for some dehydrated nutrition.
- But seriously Laya, racism is not cool. So how dare you hate the fine mexican people.
- I mean, who's gonna wash my dishes or mow my lawn?!!?!?! What, I white person!? LOL JKS
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
