{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-69",
	"episode_number": 69,
	"slug": "ep-69-america",
	"title": "#69 - America",
	"date": "2020-08-27T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-27T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Can you drive? 2. The Topic: Red, White and Blue. This is America. 3. The Viewermail: We need to stop the Chinese from eating dog. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Can you drive?\"\n\n- Do you have an addiction to the fast n' furious movies, because you can't get enough of the speed when you're zooming down the highway at a 1,000 miles per hour.\n- Perhaps you're still a child and at most you can simulate how you'd like to drive in a wild car chase in grand theft auto 5. Of course, don't forget to run over granny on the side of the road, because chicks really dig that.\n- I still don't have my licence, but I'm working on it! And yes, I can drive perfectly fine. I'm just afraid of failing the test, that's the only reason I haven't done it yet.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "America\n\n- I remember when I was a kid America was the undisputed world superpower. It was like, you don't F with America, because we have all the guns' stuff.\n- This was basically from the 90s up until maybe around 2019? Maybe a bit earlier. Possibly 2020. But now it's kind of like, China is clearly just beating America at everything. And it's crazy because it's happening in real time.\n- America of course as of 2020 is basically disintigrating. The country is pretty divided when it comes to politics. The riots. Coronavirus.\n- Of course, I think I'll always be fond of America, because to this day, it is still the most influential modern culture to have ever existed. You know, movies. Music. Apple. Microsoft. McDonalds. KFC. All these huge corporate companies all come from the USA.\n- I think in particular, suburban America. You know, having a massive house with a big yard is something which I envy. And everything is so much cheaper, and professional wages are so much higher.\n- Also popularity. It's hard to be internationally popular unless if you are American.\n- With that said, America is an overrated country. The food and produce is terrible (HFC). There's a culture of overworking. When you factor in healthcare and that kind of thing, living there is actually more expensive than other countries. There's an extreme history of violence.\n- I also think within our lifetime we'll see America break up into it's own individual states.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Gabe Itsche of Germantown, Maryland, USA\n\n\"Julius, I was just finishing murdering my 20th baby today, when my steel knife broke! What are some of the best pocket knives, in your opinion, one could carry around comfortably; and best suited for killing baby infants, or others if necessary?\"\n\n- Well Gabe, clearly you should be locked up or at least shot in public for your wanting to kill literal infants.\n- In terms of utensils, I'm very environmentally conscious. You know knifes, guns, samurai swords all require an intense amount of carbon to produce. So what I like to do kidnap two babies at a time, and then I attach knifes to their bodies and force them to run at each other. That way you can reuse the knifes indefinitely.\n- We have solar power at my house, so usually I like to throw them in the microwave and cook them alive. Maybe you haven't had lunch? Well, that's a great way to go about it.\n- Although let's be honest, there really is no good way to kill a baby. But there's definitely many ways to rape one. OKAY that was a joke. Obviously, incredibly distaste, you know, somewhat disturbing.\n- Welcome to the defamation hour with me Julius Reade. Where I say things which will completely destroy any possibility of ever making it to any position of legislative power.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"america",
		"USA"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "69",
	"castboxLink": "69",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/uKwa2KiBA0rTy/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/uKwa2KiBA0rTy/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Can you drive?"

- Do you have an addiction to the fast n' furious movies, because you can't get enough of the speed when you're zooming down the highway at a 1,000 miles per hour.
- Perhaps you're still a child and at most you can simulate how you'd like to drive in a wild car chase in grand theft auto 5. Of course, don't forget to run over granny on the side of the road, because chicks really dig that.
- I still don't have my licence, but I'm working on it! And yes, I can drive perfectly fine. I'm just afraid of failing the test, that's the only reason I haven't done it yet.
      
### the_topic

America

- I remember when I was a kid America was the undisputed world superpower. It was like, you don't F with America, because we have all the guns' stuff.
- This was basically from the 90s up until maybe around 2019? Maybe a bit earlier. Possibly 2020. But now it's kind of like, China is clearly just beating America at everything. And it's crazy because it's happening in real time.
- America of course as of 2020 is basically disintigrating. The country is pretty divided when it comes to politics. The riots. Coronavirus.
- Of course, I think I'll always be fond of America, because to this day, it is still the most influential modern culture to have ever existed. You know, movies. Music. Apple. Microsoft. McDonalds. KFC. All these huge corporate companies all come from the USA.
- I think in particular, suburban America. You know, having a massive house with a big yard is something which I envy. And everything is so much cheaper, and professional wages are so much higher.
- Also popularity. It's hard to be internationally popular unless if you are American.
- With that said, America is an overrated country. The food and produce is terrible (HFC). There's a culture of overworking. When you factor in healthcare and that kind of thing, living there is actually more expensive than other countries. There's an extreme history of violence.
- I also think within our lifetime we'll see America break up into it's own individual states.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabe Itsche of Germantown, Maryland, USA

"Julius, I was just finishing murdering my 20th baby today, when my steel knife broke! What are some of the best pocket knives, in your opinion, one could carry around comfortably; and best suited for killing baby infants, or others if necessary?"

- Well Gabe, clearly you should be locked up or at least shot in public for your wanting to kill literal infants.
- In terms of utensils, I'm very environmentally conscious. You know knifes, guns, samurai swords all require an intense amount of carbon to produce. So what I like to do kidnap two babies at a time, and then I attach knifes to their bodies and force them to run at each other. That way you can reuse the knifes indefinitely.
- We have solar power at my house, so usually I like to throw them in the microwave and cook them alive. Maybe you haven't had lunch? Well, that's a great way to go about it.
- Although let's be honest, there really is no good way to kill a baby. But there's definitely many ways to rape one. OKAY that was a joke. Obviously, incredibly distaste, you know, somewhat disturbing.
- Welcome to the defamation hour with me Julius Reade. Where I say things which will completely destroy any possibility of ever making it to any position of legislative power.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
