{
	"episode_number": 7,
	"slug": "ep-7-spotify",
	"title": "#7 - Spotify",
	"date": "2020-06-02T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "\n",
	"content": "1. The Question: When was the last time you called your mother? 2. The Topic: Music streaming becomes us all. 3. The Viewermail: Overcoming bitchitis. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "\n",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "When was the last time you calld your mother?\n\n- In my case, I don't speak to my mother anymore. (cold hard bitch)\n- But if you love your mum, give her a call.\n- Dad too. (In my case, I don't even know if he's alive or not) [play fail sound]\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Spotify.\n\n- Talk about music streaming, how it's become a thing.\n- Talk about the old days of pirating.\n- Gee imagine the days of cd's and vinyls.\n- Much like Joe Rogan $100 million deal, I will also be arranging a deal with them.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Chennai (Madras), India",
			"notes": "Dipesh from Chennai Pakistan (HA see what I did there?)\n\n\"Hey Julius, you hunk o' spunk.\"\n\n\"I suffer from severe case of bitchitis. You seee like a confident young man. How can I be less of a bitch?\"\n\n- (mock him) - if it isn't fuckin' lil bitch.\n- If you want to be less of a bitch, you basically need to shut the fuck up and stop being such a pussy. Grab a gun. Shoot some strangers. Go crazy!\n- But I tell you what doesn't make you a bitch? Listening to the writer's daily.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Comment on our Castbox Channel\n- Send in Viewermail\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"spotify",
		"music streaming"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id270122243?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/7---Spotify-id2852897-id270122243",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/39AYxLwkmrMrVlUKnJ/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/39AYxLwkmrMrVlUKnJ/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

When was the last time you calld your mother?

- In my case, I don't speak to my mother anymore. (cold hard bitch)
- But if you love your mum, give her a call.
- Dad too. (In my case, I don't even know if he's alive or not) [play fail sound]
      
### the_topic

Spotify.

- Talk about music streaming, how it's become a thing.
- Talk about the old days of pirating.
- Gee imagine the days of cd's and vinyls.
- Much like Joe Rogan $100 million deal, I will also be arranging a deal with them.
      
### the_viewermail

Dipesh from Chennai Pakistan (HA see what I did there?)

"Hey Julius, you hunk o' spunk."

"I suffer from severe case of bitchitis. You seee like a confident young man. How can I be less of a bitch?"

- (mock him) - if it isn't fuckin' lil bitch.
- If you want to be less of a bitch, you basically need to shut the fuck up and stop being such a pussy. Grab a gun. Shoot some strangers. Go crazy!
- But I tell you what doesn't make you a bitch? Listening to the writer's daily.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Comment on our Castbox Channel
- Send in Viewermail
- Look after your mental health
      
