{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-70",
	"episode_number": 70,
	"slug": "ep-70-basketball",
	"title": "#70 - Basketball",
	"date": "2020-08-28T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-28T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Which generation are you from? 2. The Topic: Basket in ball. 3. The Viewermail: Buzz Lightyear in da house. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Which generation are you from?\"\n\n- Are you a baby boomer, cashed up to your eyeballs in undeserved wealth? Keen on purchasing your 20th investment property.\n- Perhaps you're one of those Gen X'er, and you absolutely hate everything about the world that which you live in.\n- I'm personally a millennial. Which means I'm obsessed with myself, as well engaging in new experience, such as a five man bukkake.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Basketball\n\n- I played basketball from like prep to grade one.\n- I remember some teacher coming into the classroom and being like, who would like to sign up for the basketball team and I wasn't sure if I wanted to do it,\n- I wasn't very good. I think I only ever scored once, ever. I was the kid who passed the ball on the sidelines, that was basically my role. And my mum would get angry at me because I wasn't like a main scorer.\n- I remember our very first year we never scored and always got destroyed. Then I think like the very last game, this guy finally scored.\n- I also remeber there was this massive kid, and I full on ran into him and knocked him down.\n- My mum made a promise that I would get a packet of pokemon cards if I could score. And I did, and I got a shiny Zapdos!\n- It really was the only time I ever properly did sport. I think like starting grade 3, I started going to weekend tutoring, so that basically became my sport.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Coihaique, Chile",
			"notes": "Savannah Davis from Coihaique, Chile.\n\n\"I can't stop thinking about Buzz Lightyear. He talks to me every night before bed and tells me that if I don't kill mummy, that he's going to rape me. On the one hand, I really hate my mother. But on the other hand, I really like being raped. What should I do Mr. Reade!?!?!\"\n\n- Well Savannah, this is obviously a very contrived situation. Clearly you have a conflict of interest which you would like Julius Reade to solve.\n- Let's be honest, has Buzz Lightyear ever been wrong? That's a firm no, because Buzz Lightyear, aside from being a toy is also very much an appropriate sex symbol for children.\n- So you know, if the idea of a toy raping you turns you on, then it kind of looks like your mother should live.\n- Point is Savannah, never turn down a good rape.\n- You never know when you might have the opportunity to get raped next. I spend hours outside in the middle of the night pretending to be disabled near rough parts of the neighbourhood so I can get raped. Guess what! I only got raped once this month. Tis a shame!\n- Point is, I'm clearly going to hell. But like sexy hell, it's like constant demon sex and sexual crying.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"basketball",
		"sport"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "70",
	"castboxLink": "70",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/xTiTnpcaFPfJAzaP8A/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/xTiTnpcaFPfJAzaP8A/giphy-downsized-medium.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

"Which generation are you from?"

- Are you a baby boomer, cashed up to your eyeballs in undeserved wealth? Keen on purchasing your 20th investment property.
- Perhaps you're one of those Gen X'er, and you absolutely hate everything about the world that which you live in.
- I'm personally a millennial. Which means I'm obsessed with myself, as well engaging in new experience, such as a five man bukkake.
      
### the_topic

Basketball

- I played basketball from like prep to grade one.
- I remember some teacher coming into the classroom and being like, who would like to sign up for the basketball team and I wasn't sure if I wanted to do it,
- I wasn't very good. I think I only ever scored once, ever. I was the kid who passed the ball on the sidelines, that was basically my role. And my mum would get angry at me because I wasn't like a main scorer.
- I remember our very first year we never scored and always got destroyed. Then I think like the very last game, this guy finally scored.
- I also remeber there was this massive kid, and I full on ran into him and knocked him down.
- My mum made a promise that I would get a packet of pokemon cards if I could score. And I did, and I got a shiny Zapdos!
- It really was the only time I ever properly did sport. I think like starting grade 3, I started going to weekend tutoring, so that basically became my sport.
      
### the_viewermail

Savannah Davis from Coihaique, Chile.

"I can't stop thinking about Buzz Lightyear. He talks to me every night before bed and tells me that if I don't kill mummy, that he's going to rape me. On the one hand, I really hate my mother. But on the other hand, I really like being raped. What should I do Mr. Reade!?!?!"

- Well Savannah, this is obviously a very contrived situation. Clearly you have a conflict of interest which you would like Julius Reade to solve.
- Let's be honest, has Buzz Lightyear ever been wrong? That's a firm no, because Buzz Lightyear, aside from being a toy is also very much an appropriate sex symbol for children.
- So you know, if the idea of a toy raping you turns you on, then it kind of looks like your mother should live.
- Point is Savannah, never turn down a good rape.
- You never know when you might have the opportunity to get raped next. I spend hours outside in the middle of the night pretending to be disabled near rough parts of the neighbourhood so I can get raped. Guess what! I only got raped once this month. Tis a shame!
- Point is, I'm clearly going to hell. But like sexy hell, it's like constant demon sex and sexual crying.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
