{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-71",
	"episode_number": 71,
	"slug": "ep-71-tradition",
	"title": "#71 - Tradition",
	"date": "2020-09-04T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-09-04T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Which TV Show are you currently obsessed with? 2. The Topic: What even is Santa? 3. The Viewermail: Buzz lightyear must be destroyed. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Which TV Show are you currently obsessed with?\"\n\n- I'm you've just discovered the whacky grandeur of Trailer Park Boys, and you're currently thinking of ways to incorporate some ricki\n- Maybe instead you enjoy watching reality TV. Are you keeping up with the Kardashians, or am I really showing my age in saying that.\n- I don't really watch anything persay. I kind of just watch whatever my partner has on. So usually it's a lot Korean dramas. Basically, anything on Netflix.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Tradition\n\n- I don't really know how to describe this topic, I suppose it's like my point of view on the matter.\n- I'm not a traditional person. I didn't grow up religious. My parents never got married. I didn't even believe in Santa as a kid. I instantly knew it was BS\n- In terms of family, I didn't really get along with my mother at all. So we didn't experience a lot of the family bonding. I kind of had a step dad and I move around a lot (explain this)\n- I reject religion wholeheartedly. I think it's an abomination of human desire and unwillingless for people to think for themselves.\n- But I think me being non-religious is why I get along with my partner so well, because she's all about tradition. So we balance each other out.\n- And the best part about tradition, is that you don't need a reason to have it. You don't need to believe in God to celebrate Christmas, because tradition in my view is about celebrating action.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Dakar, Senegal",
			"notes": "Gabriella Simmons from Dakar, Senegal.\n\n\"I can't stop thinking about Buzz Lightyear. He talks to me every night before bed and tells me that if I don't kill mummy, that he's going to rape me. On the one hand, I really hate my mother. But on the other hand, I really like being raped. What should I do Mr. Reade!?!?!\"\n\n- Well Savannah, this is obviously a very contrived situation. Clearly you have a conflict of interest which you would like Julius Reade to solve.\n- Let's be honest, has Buzz Lightyear ever been wrong? That's a firm no, because Buzz Lightyear, aside from being a toy is also very much an appropriate sex symbol for children.\n- So you know, if the idea of a toy raping you turns you on, then it kind of looks like your mother should live.\n- Point is Savannah, never turn down a good rape.\n- You never know when you might have the opportunity to get raped next. I spend hours outside in the middle of the night pretending to be disabled near rough parts of the neighbourhood so I can get raped. Guess what! I only got raped once this month. Tis a shame!\n- Point is, I'm clearly going to hell. But like sexy hell, it's like constant demon sex and sexual crying.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"tradition",
		"life"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "71",
	"castboxLink": "71",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/U1Us2OoROMyDEISL6B/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/U1Us2OoROMyDEISL6B/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 15"
	]
}

### the_question

"Which TV Show are you currently obsessed with?"

- I'm you've just discovered the whacky grandeur of Trailer Park Boys, and you're currently thinking of ways to incorporate some ricki
- Maybe instead you enjoy watching reality TV. Are you keeping up with the Kardashians, or am I really showing my age in saying that.
- I don't really watch anything persay. I kind of just watch whatever my partner has on. So usually it's a lot Korean dramas. Basically, anything on Netflix.
      
### the_topic

Tradition

- I don't really know how to describe this topic, I suppose it's like my point of view on the matter.
- I'm not a traditional person. I didn't grow up religious. My parents never got married. I didn't even believe in Santa as a kid. I instantly knew it was BS
- In terms of family, I didn't really get along with my mother at all. So we didn't experience a lot of the family bonding. I kind of had a step dad and I move around a lot (explain this)
- I reject religion wholeheartedly. I think it's an abomination of human desire and unwillingless for people to think for themselves.
- But I think me being non-religious is why I get along with my partner so well, because she's all about tradition. So we balance each other out.
- And the best part about tradition, is that you don't need a reason to have it. You don't need to believe in God to celebrate Christmas, because tradition in my view is about celebrating action.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabriella Simmons from Dakar, Senegal.

"I can't stop thinking about Buzz Lightyear. He talks to me every night before bed and tells me that if I don't kill mummy, that he's going to rape me. On the one hand, I really hate my mother. But on the other hand, I really like being raped. What should I do Mr. Reade!?!?!"

- Well Savannah, this is obviously a very contrived situation. Clearly you have a conflict of interest which you would like Julius Reade to solve.
- Let's be honest, has Buzz Lightyear ever been wrong? That's a firm no, because Buzz Lightyear, aside from being a toy is also very much an appropriate sex symbol for children.
- So you know, if the idea of a toy raping you turns you on, then it kind of looks like your mother should live.
- Point is Savannah, never turn down a good rape.
- You never know when you might have the opportunity to get raped next. I spend hours outside in the middle of the night pretending to be disabled near rough parts of the neighbourhood so I can get raped. Guess what! I only got raped once this month. Tis a shame!
- Point is, I'm clearly going to hell. But like sexy hell, it's like constant demon sex and sexual crying.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
