{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-72",
	"episode_number": 72,
	"slug": "ep-72-backhand-films",
	"title": "#72 - Backhand Films",
	"date": "2020-09-07T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-09-07T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Have you ever gone camping? 2. The Topic: My very first venture into the world of YouTube comedy. 3. The Viewermail: I help a dude kill what appears to be infants. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Have you ever gone camping?\"\n\n- Are you currently out there in the wild, tent set up, eager to just sit in front of a camp fire and enjoy the bright beauty of nature itself?\n- Perhaps instead you're afraid of wild animals and insects, and you're much more adept within the concrete jungle you call home.\n- I've gone camping probably more than most people. Probably once a year on average, and I generally enjoy it. I feel like I should camp more, it's a lot of fun.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Backhand Films\n\n- Backhand Films was a YouTube channel that I started with my friend Rohan. We went to the same high school.\n- So we started it after high school. Obviously our intention was to become crazy famous.\n- It was basically YouTube comedy. I remember dressing up in his sister's dress.\n- Like most things in life, it didn't really work out. I think the problem is there were two very dominant personalities. Myself in particular, I basically just thought I was way funnier than him.\n- We basically stopped talking after that. I think that's a common theme with most my friends in life.\n- I think the issue is that we all want something different, and I think it's rare to find someone who's both similar and want's the exact same thing as you.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Gabe Itsche of Germantown, Maryland, USA // Julius.\n\n\"I was just finishing murdering my 20th baby today, when my steel knife broke! What are some of the best pocket knives, in your opinion, one could carry around comfortably; and best suited for killing baby infants, or others if necessary?\"\n\n- Well Gabe, clearly you should be locked up or at least shot in public for your wanting to kill literal infants.\n- In terms of utensils, I'm very environmentally conscious. You know knifes, guns, samurai swords all require an intense amount of carbon to produce. So what I like to do kidnap two babies at a time, and then I attach knifes to their bodies and force them to run at each other. That way you can reuse the knifes indefinitely.\n- We have solar power at my house, so usually I like to throw them in the microwave and cook them alive. Maybe you haven't had lunch? Well, that's a great way to go about it.\n- Although let's be honest, there really is no good way to kill a baby. But there's definitely many ways to rape one. OKAY that was a joke. Obviously, incredibly distaste, you know, somewhat disturbing.\n- Welcome to the defamation hour with me Julius Reade. Where I say things which will completely destroy any possibility of ever making it to any position of legislative power.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"YouTube",
		"comedy"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "72",
	"castboxLink": "72",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/tAFy7Wj7uc2lZIq9Gfu/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/tAFy7Wj7uc2lZIq9Gfu/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 16"
	]
}

### the_question

"Have you ever gone camping?"

- Are you currently out there in the wild, tent set up, eager to just sit in front of a camp fire and enjoy the bright beauty of nature itself?
- Perhaps instead you're afraid of wild animals and insects, and you're much more adept within the concrete jungle you call home.
- I've gone camping probably more than most people. Probably once a year on average, and I generally enjoy it. I feel like I should camp more, it's a lot of fun.
      
### the_topic

Backhand Films

- Backhand Films was a YouTube channel that I started with my friend Rohan. We went to the same high school.
- So we started it after high school. Obviously our intention was to become crazy famous.
- It was basically YouTube comedy. I remember dressing up in his sister's dress.
- Like most things in life, it didn't really work out. I think the problem is there were two very dominant personalities. Myself in particular, I basically just thought I was way funnier than him.
- We basically stopped talking after that. I think that's a common theme with most my friends in life.
- I think the issue is that we all want something different, and I think it's rare to find someone who's both similar and want's the exact same thing as you.
      
### the_viewermail

Gabe Itsche of Germantown, Maryland, USA // Julius.

"I was just finishing murdering my 20th baby today, when my steel knife broke! What are some of the best pocket knives, in your opinion, one could carry around comfortably; and best suited for killing baby infants, or others if necessary?"

- Well Gabe, clearly you should be locked up or at least shot in public for your wanting to kill literal infants.
- In terms of utensils, I'm very environmentally conscious. You know knifes, guns, samurai swords all require an intense amount of carbon to produce. So what I like to do kidnap two babies at a time, and then I attach knifes to their bodies and force them to run at each other. That way you can reuse the knifes indefinitely.
- We have solar power at my house, so usually I like to throw them in the microwave and cook them alive. Maybe you haven't had lunch? Well, that's a great way to go about it.
- Although let's be honest, there really is no good way to kill a baby. But there's definitely many ways to rape one. OKAY that was a joke. Obviously, incredibly distaste, you know, somewhat disturbing.
- Welcome to the defamation hour with me Julius Reade. Where I say things which will completely destroy any possibility of ever making it to any position of legislative power.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
