{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-73",
	"episode_number": 73,
	"slug": "ep-73-pasta",
	"title": "#73 - Pasta",
	"date": "2020-09-09T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-09-09T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: Are you fat? 2. The Topic: Everyone loves pasta. Period. 3. The Viewermail: Clearly not a housecat. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Are you fat?\"\n\n- Is there chicken grease currently dripping from the side of your flabby arms, scrub against the bucket of KFC you have currently display on you gut, ready to be devoured at any minute!?\n- Perhaps you're as thin as a popsicle, BECAUSE YOU HAVE CANCER AND YOU'RE WEAK!\n- My issue is that I look fat, but I'm actually incredibly fit. Although I have this weird thing where I don't associate with my body.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Pasta\n\n- I love pasta. I'm not sure if it's my favourite dish, but it's definitely one of my favourites.\n- Basically, pasta was the only dish I ever cooked growing up. It was more-or-less the only thing I would cook if no one was home and I had to cook for myself.\n- I remember when I was living at step dads, he would cook pasta for breakfast and it was like, my favourite thing ever.\n- For years I could never figure out how his pasta tasted different, and then I realised it was because he put in those sliced black olives.\n- I also remember when my first dog died (tell story)\n- Perhaps in the past few years I've also started making fresh pasta! I'm honestly not sure how I feel about it, I feel like it doesn't taste as nice as the packet pasta.\n- But my favourite pasta is eggplant pasta with ricotta. I had it for the first time last year, and it was a game changer. Before then I was a bolonaise man, but whne you have this it will blow your socks off.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Portsmouth, United Kingdom",
			"notes": "James Ward from Portsmouth, United Kingdom.\n\n\"I'm convinced that I'm actually a house cat. I say this because I purr a lot and I hate dogs. Cats don't have to go to school, right?\"\n\n- Chances are that you're actually a furry deep down inside, and you know, I'm down for furry sex so I'd be happy to answer your question assuming that by school you mean university and by house cat you actually mean, please drench me in cum.\n- Definitely purring and hating dogs is a good start, but do you also lick yourself or have sex with other cats? If so, then obviously send in that footage so The Reade can verify your prognosis.\n- Quite frankly, it doesn't even sound like you have a proper cat name, so chances are that you're lying to get out of school/university (boo sound effect)\n- So you better watch out buddy. Cause I hate a liar, and as a Chinese person I'll happily turn you into Dim Sims the next chance I see you.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"food",
		"pasta"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "73",
	"castboxLink": "73",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/dZRlFW1sbFEpG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/dZRlFW1sbFEpG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 16"
	]
}

### the_question

"Are you fat?"

- Is there chicken grease currently dripping from the side of your flabby arms, scrub against the bucket of KFC you have currently display on you gut, ready to be devoured at any minute!?
- Perhaps you're as thin as a popsicle, BECAUSE YOU HAVE CANCER AND YOU'RE WEAK!
- My issue is that I look fat, but I'm actually incredibly fit. Although I have this weird thing where I don't associate with my body.
      
### the_topic

Pasta

- I love pasta. I'm not sure if it's my favourite dish, but it's definitely one of my favourites.
- Basically, pasta was the only dish I ever cooked growing up. It was more-or-less the only thing I would cook if no one was home and I had to cook for myself.
- I remember when I was living at step dads, he would cook pasta for breakfast and it was like, my favourite thing ever.
- For years I could never figure out how his pasta tasted different, and then I realised it was because he put in those sliced black olives.
- I also remember when my first dog died (tell story)
- Perhaps in the past few years I've also started making fresh pasta! I'm honestly not sure how I feel about it, I feel like it doesn't taste as nice as the packet pasta.
- But my favourite pasta is eggplant pasta with ricotta. I had it for the first time last year, and it was a game changer. Before then I was a bolonaise man, but whne you have this it will blow your socks off.
      
### the_viewermail

James Ward from Portsmouth, United Kingdom.

"I'm convinced that I'm actually a house cat. I say this because I purr a lot and I hate dogs. Cats don't have to go to school, right?"

- Chances are that you're actually a furry deep down inside, and you know, I'm down for furry sex so I'd be happy to answer your question assuming that by school you mean university and by house cat you actually mean, please drench me in cum.
- Definitely purring and hating dogs is a good start, but do you also lick yourself or have sex with other cats? If so, then obviously send in that footage so The Reade can verify your prognosis.
- Quite frankly, it doesn't even sound like you have a proper cat name, so chances are that you're lying to get out of school/university (boo sound effect)
- So you better watch out buddy. Cause I hate a liar, and as a Chinese person I'll happily turn you into Dim Sims the next chance I see you.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
