{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-74",
	"episode_number": 74,
	"slug": "ep-74-stretching",
	"title": "#74 - Stretching",
	"date": "2020-09-11T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-09-11T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Question: What did/do you enjoy most about being a child? 2. The Topic: I love to bend over for long periods of time. 3. The Viewermail: The second cumming of Christ is upon us. Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"What did/do you enjoy most about being a child?\"\n\n- Did you love the freedom of being able to spend all day playing video games and eating sugary cereals?\n- Maybe you hated being a child, and you were in fact a reverse pedophile. A child who wants to have sex with adults.\n- I think what I enjoyed as a child was not having any responsibility, however it was a double-edged sword, because it also made me super depressed whereas I'm super happy as an adult.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Stretching\n\n- I've always been highly inflexible. Probably because I was the fat kid who spent most his life indoors playing video games. I could barely touch my toes at the best of times.\n- I started taking my stretching semi-seriously when I was like 20. I was doing this thing called MobilityWOD which is basically just the brand.\n- I will never forget the first time I ever put my knee against the wall. It was the most intense pain I think I'd ever felt in my life. Now it's fine, but man. Back in the day it was scary.\n- Now I've taken it very seriously this year. I have my lunchtime stretch where I do like a full-body thing.\n- Basically what happened was that recently I was weight lifting every single day, and the only way to keep up without hurting myself was to stretch.\n- But yeah, I basically try to treat it as if it's just as important as exercise. That's my philosophy.\n- Cause man, when you get older (and I'm only 27), but it's like, my body isn't like what it used to be. I'm like constantly jolting myself.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Yangon, Burma",
			"notes": "Jordan Cox from Yangon, Burma.\n\n\"I think I may be the second coming of Christ, but I'm not quite sure. How can I prove that I am in fact Jesus Christ incarnate?\"\n\n- For starters, your name is Samuel, not Jesus - so I think it's quite clear that youu're not actually Jesus.\n- The easiest way to find out is to masturbate into an empty tissue box and see if your semen is so bright and holy, that it physically blinds you. That more-or-less proves that you're Jesus.\n- I mean, can you even turn water into wine? What about 7-up into wine? What about wine into wine!?!?!\n- Jesus as we all know was completely sinless. So I mean, have you ever committed adultery? Have you ever stolen, raped or murdered? Be HONEST! BE HONEST!!!\n- But just in case you are Jesus, I would just like to say that I am now official Christian and that I'm a huge fan of the bible. LOVE YOUR WORK GOD!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"stretching",
		"fitness",
		"exercise"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "74",
	"castboxLink": "74",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/LpnnoowPY9b32/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/LpnnoowPY9b32/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 16"
	]
}

### the_question

"What did/do you enjoy most about being a child?"

- Did you love the freedom of being able to spend all day playing video games and eating sugary cereals?
- Maybe you hated being a child, and you were in fact a reverse pedophile. A child who wants to have sex with adults.
- I think what I enjoyed as a child was not having any responsibility, however it was a double-edged sword, because it also made me super depressed whereas I'm super happy as an adult.
      
### the_topic

Stretching

- I've always been highly inflexible. Probably because I was the fat kid who spent most his life indoors playing video games. I could barely touch my toes at the best of times.
- I started taking my stretching semi-seriously when I was like 20. I was doing this thing called MobilityWOD which is basically just the brand.
- I will never forget the first time I ever put my knee against the wall. It was the most intense pain I think I'd ever felt in my life. Now it's fine, but man. Back in the day it was scary.
- Now I've taken it very seriously this year. I have my lunchtime stretch where I do like a full-body thing.
- Basically what happened was that recently I was weight lifting every single day, and the only way to keep up without hurting myself was to stretch.
- But yeah, I basically try to treat it as if it's just as important as exercise. That's my philosophy.
- Cause man, when you get older (and I'm only 27), but it's like, my body isn't like what it used to be. I'm like constantly jolting myself.
      
### the_viewermail

Jordan Cox from Yangon, Burma.

"I think I may be the second coming of Christ, but I'm not quite sure. How can I prove that I am in fact Jesus Christ incarnate?"

- For starters, your name is Samuel, not Jesus - so I think it's quite clear that youu're not actually Jesus.
- The easiest way to find out is to masturbate into an empty tissue box and see if your semen is so bright and holy, that it physically blinds you. That more-or-less proves that you're Jesus.
- I mean, can you even turn water into wine? What about 7-up into wine? What about wine into wine!?!?!
- Jesus as we all know was completely sinless. So I mean, have you ever committed adultery? Have you ever stolen, raped or murdered? Be HONEST! BE HONEST!!!
- But just in case you are Jesus, I would just like to say that I am now official Christian and that I'm a huge fan of the bible. LOVE YOUR WORK GOD!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Castbox Channel
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Look after your mental health
      
