{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-9",
	"episode_number": 9,
	"slug": "ep-9-breakfast",
	"title": "#9 - Breakfast",
	"date": "2020-06-04T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "\n",
	"content": "1. The Question: When was the last time you treated yourself? 2. The Topic: What's the deal with Breakfast? 3. The Viewermail: It looks like a fan has developed Reade fever. thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_question",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "When was the last time you treated yourself?\n\n- If it was moments ago to a dirty wank on the homepage of PornHub then shame on you.\n- In my case, I very rarely treat myself.\n- Usually my partner does it for me. She buys all sorts of nice\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What's the deal with Breakfast?\n\n- I don't eat breakfast\n- I do the whole fasting thing (talk about benefits)\n- The body simply adjusts\n- Probably largely has to do with having more time (a sad facet of modern society)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Jim Jekins\n\n\"Hey Julius, loving the show, I listen to everyday obsessively to a point that I've developed severe OCD. In fact this is the 500th letter I've written for you, and I just can't seem to stop. What should I do, I'm suffering so incredibly much?\"\n\n- Well Jim, I'm sorry to hear, but it sounds like you've caught Reade Fever [play sound]\n- Usually it's hot women, but you know, I'll take a guy.\n- Are you hot Jim? I mean, you're hot and you think I'd tap that, send me a pic at our email (say email)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter\n- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com\n- Comment on our Castbox Channel\n- Send in Viewermail\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"breakfast",
		"lunch",
		"dinner"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2852897/id270122427?v=8.22.10&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/9---Breakfast-id2852897-id270122427",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/Hw6UVMpnc0oXS/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/Hw6UVMpnc0oXS/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_question

When was the last time you treated yourself?

- If it was moments ago to a dirty wank on the homepage of PornHub then shame on you.
- In my case, I very rarely treat myself.
- Usually my partner does it for me. She buys all sorts of nice
      
### the_topic

What's the deal with Breakfast?

- I don't eat breakfast
- I do the whole fasting thing (talk about benefits)
- The body simply adjusts
- Probably largely has to do with having more time (a sad facet of modern society)
      
### the_viewermail

Jim Jekins

"Hey Julius, loving the show, I listen to everyday obsessively to a point that I've developed severe OCD. In fact this is the 500th letter I've written for you, and I just can't seem to stop. What should I do, I'm suffering so incredibly much?"

- Well Jim, I'm sorry to hear, but it sounds like you've caught Reade Fever [play sound]
- Usually it's hot women, but you know, I'll take a guy.
- Are you hot Jim? I mean, you're hot and you think I'd tap that, send me a pic at our email (say email)
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter
- Email: thewritersdailypodcast@gmail.com
- Comment on our Castbox Channel
- Send in Viewermail
- Look after your mental health
      
